i have half a mind to hit you before you speak again .
madam , he ’ s well .
that ’ s well spoken .
and he ’ s friendly with caesar .
you are an honest man .
caesar and he are better friends than ever .
i ’ m going to make you a rich man .
you say he ’ s friendly with caesar , healthy , and free .
i didn ’ t say free , madam .
no , i didn ’ t say that .
he ’ s bound to octavia .
for the favor of sleeping in her bed .
i ’ m sick , charmian .
he ’ s married to octavia , madam .
may you die of the worst disease !
good madam , be patient .
what did you say to me ?
get out , you horrible bastard , or i ’ ll gouge out your eyes .
i ’ ll scalp you .
the blows i gave you already will make up for your upsetting me .
he ’ s married , madam .
rogue , you ’ ve lived too long !
no way , then , i ’ ll run .
what ’ s the matter with you , madam ?
i haven ’ t done anything to you .
good madam , restrain yourself .
the man hasn ’ t done anything wrong .
even innocents can not always escape disaster .
may egypt drown in the nile and all good creatures turn into poisonous snakes .
even though i ’ m mad , i won ’ t bite him .
he ’ s afraid to come in .
i won ’ t hurt him .
it may be honest , but it ’ s never wise to bring bad news .
you can give good news in many ways , but let bad news interpret itself as you tell it .
i ’ ve only done my duty .
may the gods destroy you !
do you maintain the same story ?
do you want me to lie , madam ?
even if you were as handsome as i beg your highness ’ pardon .
please don ’ t be offended that i don ’ t want to offend you any more .
it ’ s not fair to punish me for something you make me do .
he ’ s married to octavia .
it ’ s too bad that antony ’ s fault should make you look like a jerk .
the merchandise you bring from rome is too expensive for me .
let it stay in your inventory until it bankrupts you .
be patient , your highness .
when i have praised antony , i ’ ve disparaged caesar .
i ’ m being repaid for that now .
help me out of here .
oh , iras , charmian !
it doesn ’ t matter .
don ’ t let him leave out the color of her hair .
bring me his answers quickly .
even though half of him is like a
i don ’ t make fortunes ; i only see them .
then see a good one for me .
no , he means you ’ ll use makeup when you ’ re old .
may my wrinkles forbid that !
don ’ t joke about his predictions .
you will love more than you are loved .
why did cassius conspire against caesar ?
pompey , you can not frighten us with your navy .
we ’ ll meet you at sea .
yes , on land you do outnumber me .
even more since you annexed my father ’ s house and lands .
but since , to get back to the matter at hand , what do you think of our proposal ?
that ’ s the point .
don ’ t let us talk you into anything , but consider carefully the value of our offers .
you have offered me the lands of sicily and sardinia .
in return , i must clear the sea of pirates and send tributes of wheat to rome .
if i agree to this , we may leave unharmed , with our shields undented .
that ’ s our offer .
you should know that when i came here i was prepared to accept your offer .
let me shake your hand .
i didn ’ t think i would see you here .
the east is very seductive .
it ’ s good we had this meeting .
i hope it works out for the best , lepidus .
so we are in agreement .
that ’ s the next thing on the agenda .
we ’ ll have celebration feasts for each other before we go our separate ways .
i ’ ll give the first one , pompey .
whether your banquet is first or last , your egyptian cooking will make it the best .
i heard that julius caesar got fat from all the feasting there .
you ’ ve heard a lot .
i mean well , sir .
i ’ m sure you do .
i ’ ve heard a lot more .
i heard that apollodorus carried— what did he carry , please ?
how are you , soldier ?
let me shake your hand .
i ’ ve never been your enemy .
i ’ ve seen you fight and envied your skill .
enjoy your frankness ; it suits you .
i invite you all aboard my ship .
after you , my lords ?
show us the way , sir .
i think it was at sea .
that it was , sir .
you ’ ve done well at sea .
and you ’ ve done well on land .
i ’ ll flatter anyone who flatters me—though what i ’ ve accomplished on land can not be denied .
neither can my accomplishments at sea .
as you were on land .
that ’ s the one part of my service on land i do deny .
but let ’ s shake hands , menas .
if our eyes were policemen , they might capture two thieves at once while we ’ re embracing .
men ’ s faces are truthful , whatever their hands do .
but no beautiful woman has an honest face .
that ’ s no lie .
we came here to fight against you .
for my part , i ’ m sorry this battle turned into a drinking match .
today pompey laughs away his fortune .
if that ’ s true , he won ’ t get it back by crying .
that ’ s the truth , sir .
we didn ’ t expect mark antony to be here .
is he married to cleopatra ?
caesar ’ s sister is named octavia .
that ’ s true , sir .
she was previously caius marcellus ’ wife .
but she is now mark antony ’ s wife .
then caesar and he will always be united .
if i were to make a prediction regarding this union , i wouldn ’ t say that .
i think the marriage was made more for political reasons than for love .
but you ’ ll see that the very thing that joins them will be the thing that separates them .
octavia has a pious , chaste , meek disposition .
doesn ’ t everyone want a wife like that ?
not someone who doesn ’ t share that disposition , meaning mark antony .
he ’ ll go back to his egyptian dish .
antony will go where his passion is .
he only married out of political necessity .
then that ’ s the way it may turn out .
come on , sir , will you come aboard ?
i want to drink your health .
i ’ ll join you , sir .
we did a lot of drinking in egypt .
here ’ s where they ’ ll end up , on the floor .
some of them are leaning already .
lepidus is red in the face .
they made him drink the leftover wine usually given to the poor .
they know by those measurements if there will be famine or plenty .
the higher the nile flows , the better the harvest .
the harvest comes shortly after that .
do you have unusual snakes there ?
the egyptian snake is born when the sun shines on the nile mud , just like the crocodile .
i don ’ t feel so well , but i won ’ t stop .
not until you pass out .
i ’ m afraid you ’ ll keep going until then .
i ’ ve heard that the pyramids build by the ptolemies are splendid .
without doubt i ’ ve heard that .
what does a crocodile look like ?
sir , it ’ s shaped like itself and is as wide as it has width .
it is only as high as it is and moves with its own legs .
it ’ s a strange snake .
and its tears are wet .
i ’ ve always had great respect for your destiny .
you ’ ve served me faithfully .
what else can i say ?
would you like to be king of the entire world ?
now i ’ ve said it twice .
be kind now and tell me some excellent fortune .
tell me that i ’ ll marry three kings before noon and be widowed by all of them .
then my children will probably be illegitimate .
tell me , please : how many boys and girls will i have ?
you seem to think no one outside of your bedroom knows what you wish .
we ’ ll all want our fortune told .
my fortune—like that of many of us tonight—is to go drunk to bed .
no , pompey , i haven ’ t had anything to drink .
the three who share the known world are aboard your boat .
everything that belongs to them is yours .
oh , you should have done it without telling me !
for you to do it would be good service .
regret that your mouth betrayed your actions .
but now i must condemn it .
give it up and go drink .
this toast is for lepidus !
here ’ s to you , menas .
i accept with thanks , enobarbus .
there goes a strong fellow , menas .
why do you say that ?
he carries a third of the world .
can ’ t you see that ?
then a third of the world is drunk .
this hasn ’ t reached the level of an egyptian feast yet .
it ’ s getting there .
clink your cups together in a toast !
here ’ s to caesar .
i could do without another toast .
but i would rather abstain from everything for four days than drink so much in one .
let ’ s have one , good soldier .
come , let ’ s join our hands until the overpowering wine makes us soft and forgetful .
how can you top that ?
let ’ s shake on it .
come , this way to the rowboat .
be careful not to fall in .
menas , i ’ m not going back on shore .
no , come to my cabin .
there ’ s my hat !
come on , noble captain .
now i ’ ve paid you back , parthia , and gotten revenge for marcus crassus ’ death .
a man who achieves more in war than his captain does becomes his captain ’ s rival .
i could do more to help antony , but to do so would insult him .
a soldier is just a tool , like his sword , unless he has your qualities , ventidius .
are you going to write antony about this ?
where ’ s antony now ?
they finished their business with pompey , and pompey has left .
octavia weeps at the thought of leaving rome .
caesar is in a sober mood .
he ’ s a stylish man .
and how he loves caesar !
yes , but how he adores mark antony !
then what ’ s antony ?
a god of a god ?
are you talking about caesar ?
he ’ s without equal !
he certainly flattered them both with extravagant compliments .
he loves caesar best , but he also loves antony .
they are his dung , and he their beetle .
so , there ’ s the signal to ride .
good luck , worthy soldier , and good-bye .
you can ’ t go any further with us , sir .
don ’ t insult me with your distrust .
i mean what i say .
you won ’ t find any cause for anxiety , even if you look for one .
we ’ ll leave you here .
good-bye , my dearest sister , good-bye .
i hope you have good weather to set your mind at ease .
her eyes are like april : full of showers .
what is it , octavia ?
i ’ ll tell you privately .
see , now i have you .
and thus i let you go and give you to the gods .
like the oh stop it , you lusty bed-hopper .
you can ’ t see the future .
your fortunes are the same .
i ’ ve said what i have to say .
isn ’ t my fortune just a little better than hers ?
not in my husband ’ s nose .
may heaven save us from indecent thoughts !
therefore , dear isis , do the right thing and give him the fortune he deserves .
he ’ s afraid to come in .
oh , come on.—come here , sir .
i ’ ll have herod ’ s head chopped off !
i saw her face as she walked with her brother and mark antony .
is she as tall as i am ?
she is not , madam .
did you hear her speak ?
is her voice pitched high or low ?
madam , i heard her speak .
she has a low-pitched voice .
that ’ s not in her favor .
he can ’ t like her very long .
oh , isis , that ’ s impossible .
you ’ re right , charmian .
she has a body , not a life .
if not , then i have no powers of observation .
there aren ’ t three people in all of egypt who could do better .
she doesn ’ t have anything going for her so far .
do you hear that , charmian ?
and i think she ’ s at least thirty .
do you remember her face ?
was it long or round ?
round enough to be unattractive .
usually that means a person is foolish .
what color is her hair ?
brown , madam , and she wouldn ’ t want her forehead to be any lower .
you mustn ’ t hold my earlier outburst against me .
i ’ ll hire you again to go back to rome .
my letters are ready to go .
he ’ s an admirable man .
i ’ m very sorry i was so hard on him .
not a bit , madam .
everything may still be all right .
i assure you it is , madam .
no lady could be more miserable than i if you two disagree .
gentle octavia , support the one that supports you .
in the meantime , i ’ ll raise an army that will surpass his .
may the god of power make me , the weakest of the weak , your mediator .
when you find out who started this disagreement , turn your anger upon them .
order supplies for your trip and choose your traveling companions .
how goes it , friend eros ?
some startling news has just arrived , sir .
caesar and lepidus declared war against pompey .
that ’ s old news .
so the weak third of the triumvirate is imprisoned until death frees him .
another thing , domitius : antony wants to see you now .
i should have waited to tell you my news .
come with me , sir .
in alexandria he condemned rome , and that ’ s not all .
he did this in public ?
he gave syria , cilicia , and phoenicia to ptolemy .
let ’ s send this news to rome .
the roman people are fed up with his arrogance already .
the people have heard it already , and they ’ ve been told of his accusations .
he accuses me of withholding his share of sextus pompeius ’ possessions , which we seized in sicily .
then he says i didn ’ t return some ships he loaned me .
sir , these accusations should be answered .
it has been done already , and the messenger is on his way .
i answered that lepidus had become too brutal and abused his position .
he ’ ll never agree to that .
then we won ’ t agree to his demands .
greetings , caesar , my lord !
oh , to think you ’ ve been rejected !
you ’ ve never thought of me like that , and you have no reason to .
then why did you travel so quietly ?
you didn ’ t arrive like caesar ’ s sister .
the dust from your attending troops should have risen to heaven .
i would have met you by sea and again by land .
mark antony heard that you were preparing to wage war on him .
which he quickly allowed , given that you ’ re an obstacle to his lust .
have you seen my lord ?
wasn ’ t he here ?
he was in a good mood , and then suddenly he started thinking of rome .
here , at your service .
your wife , fulvia , mustered her army first .
don ’ t say that , my lord .
where do you think he is now ?
he ’ s in athens , my lord .
no , he ’ s not .
i ’ m divided between two friends who are determined to kill each other .
you ’ re welcome here .
you will always be welcome to me .
every heart in rome loves and pities you .
you are welcome here , sister .
i beg you to continue to be patient .
but why , why , why ?
you opposed my taking part in the war .
isn ’ t this war against me ?
why shouldn ’ t i be there in person ?
may the tongues of our critics rot !
don ’ t argue against it .
i won ’ t stay behind .
no , i ’ ve had my say .
no one admires speed more than the lazy .
why do you want to do that , my lord ?
because he ’ s daring us to do it .
so you ’ ve dared him to single combat .
yes , and you dared caesar to fight the battle at pharsalia , where he fought against pompey .
but caesar ignores offers that don ’ t give him an advantage , and so should you .
yours are slow and awkward .
refusing to fight him at sea won ’ t disgrace you .
i ’ ll fight at sea .
even if we fail at that , we can still fight him on land .
what ’ s your business ?
the news is true , my lord .
what ’ s the news , brave soldier ?
oh , don ’ t fight by sea , noble emperor !
don ’ t trust rotten planks .
don ’ t you trust my sword and these wounds ?
let the egyptians and phoenicians go swimming .
we are used to winning by standing on the earth and fighting toe to toe .
well , well , let ’ s go .
by hercules , i think i ’ m right .
our leader is being led .
on land you keep the legions and cavalry together , don ’ t you ?
caesar ’ s speed defies belief .
who ’ s his lieutenant , do you know ?
a man named taurus , they say .
i know the man well .
the emperor is calling for canidius .
the present time is like a woman in labor , each minute giving birth to some piece of news .
don ’ t attack by land .
don ’ t provoke them to battle until we have finished at sea .
our fate depends on this chance .
assemble our squadrons on the other side of the hill , in sight of caesar ’ s navy .
i can ’ t watch any more .
the egyptian flagship , the gods and goddesses—the whole congregation of them !
what ’ s wrong with you ?
we have lost a major portion of the world through utter foolishness .
we have kissed away entire kingdoms and provinces .
the sight made me so sick i couldn ’ t watch any more .
well , give me the worst news .
the bearer of bad news is often blamed for it .
only if the hearer is a fool or a coward .
as far as i ’ m concerned , what ’ s past is done .
call cleopatra what the romans call her .
i never saw such a shameful act .
the battle on the sea is almost lost .
if our general had been his old self , we would have won .
oh , with his sordid desertion , he sets the example for our own .
are you considering desertion , as well ?
then everything must really be finished .
i ’ ll yield my legions and cavalry to caesar .
i ’ m completely lost .
i have a ship full of treasure .
escape and make peace with caesar .
i ’ ve told cowards to turn their backs on me and run .
i ’ ve decided on a plan that doesn ’ t require your assistance .
oh , i followed something i ’ m ashamed to look at now !
i ’ ll give you letters of introduction to some friends of mine who will help you .
please , don ’ t be sad , and don ’ t tell me how reluctant you are .
take your cues from my own despair .
abandon the person that has abandoned himself .
go to the harbor immediately !
i ’ ll give you the title to that ship and its treasure .
just give me a moment , please—only a moment .
i ’ ve relinquished my authority , so please—i ’ ll see you all before long .
oh , damn , damn , damn !
madam , oh , good empress !
the queen is here , my lord .
go to him , madam , speak to him .
he ’ s not himself because he feels so ashamed .
well , then , help me .
most noble sir , stand up .
she ’ s weak and will die unless you comfort her .
i ’ ve destroyed my reputation , a most shameful error .
sir , here ’ s the queen .
oh , where have you led me , egypt ?
oh , my lord , my lord , forgive my panic !
i didn ’ t think you would follow me .
now i will have to send my humble proposal of peace to that young man .
don ’ t shed even one tear .
one of your tears is worth everything that was won and lost .
let the envoy from antony come in .
humble as i am , i represent antony .
until recently , i was as unimportant to his affairs as the morning dew is to the wide ocean .
say what you ’ re here for .
that ’ s all he asks for himself .
cleopatra recognizes your greatness and accepts your authority .
as for antony , i ’ m not interested in his requests .
then i ’ ll listen to her .
give my answer to them both .
may good luck follow you !
take him safely through the lines .
observe how antony takes his defeat and how his attitude influences his actions .
what are we going to do , enobarbus ?
think about our situation , then die .
who is to blame for this : antony or i ?
only antony was at fault .
why should he have followed you ?
please , let ’ s not talk about it .
the queen will be treated fairly if she gives me up ?
that ’ s what he says .
your head , my lord ?
a messenger has arrived from caesar .
with no more ceremony than that ?
see , ladies , how they scorn me now .
i ’ ll be at your service .
he ’ s waiting outside .
what ’ s your message ?
your wife , fulvia , is dead .
it is for your ears only .
there are only friends here .
so they are possibly antony ’ s friends .
sir , he should have as many as caesar has .
if caesar chose , antony would jump at the chance to be his friend .
as for us , you know we are antony ’ s , and he is caesar ’ s .
just remember that he is caesar .
he knows that you didn ’ t embrace antony because you loved him , but because you feared him .
he is like a god and knows the truth .
my honor wasn ’ t given ; it was only dominated .
shall i tell caesar what you request from him ?
he almost begs for the opportunity to help you .
it would please him very much if you would rely on his wealth and success to support you .
what ’ s your name ?
most kind messenger , tell great caesar that through his deputy i kiss his conquering hand .
tell him i am ready to lay my crown at his feet and kneel before him .
who are you , slave ?
take away this lout and whip him .
by the moon and stars !
whip him , fellows , until he screws up his face like a baby and cries aloud for mercy !
caesar ’ s knave will bring him a message for us .
my good lord— you ’ ve always been a liar .
oh , has it come to this ?
you were a cold crumb on dead julius caesar ’ s plate when i met you .
why are you doing this ?
did he beg my pardon ?
he did ask for mercy .
you , my earthly moon , are now eclipsed , and that alone foretells my ruin .
in order to flatter caesar , would you flirt with the servant who laces up his pants ?
don ’ t you know me still ?
has your heart cooled toward me ?
as it dissolves , so shall my life .
i will fight him there .
our land forces have bravely stood firm .
our tattered navy has reassembled and set sail , as formidable as the sea itself .
where have you been , my bravery ?
do you hear what i say , lady ?
my sword and i will earn our place in history .
that ’ s my brave lord !
i ’ ll fight brutally .
but now i ’ ll grit my teeth and kill anyone who tries to stop me .
come , let ’ s have one more extravagant night .
invite all my sad captains .
let ’ s drink through midnight .
it ’ s my birthday .
we ’ ll win yet .
now he ’ ll work himself up to a fury .
when courage consumes reason , it destroys its only weapon .
i ’ ll look for some way to leave his service .
don ’ t give him time to catch his breath .
anger does not protect the angry well .
tell our top commanders that i want tomorrow ’ s battle to be the last we fight .
our army has recently acquired many of mark antony ’ s former soldiers—enough to capture him .
see that it is done , and prepare a feast for the soldiers .
we have enough supplies for it , and they ’ ve earned it .
what would you like , sir ?
i have to leave right away .
that will kill our lovers .
we know how much they suffer if we are unkind to them .
if we leave , it will feel like nothing less than death to them .
if it ’ s that important , then let the women die .
if cleopatra hears even a breath of this , she ’ ll die immediately .
i ’ ve seen her claim to be dying twenty times before , and for far less reason .
i think there must be something invigorating about death , since she dies with such enthusiasm .
she ’ s more cunning than anyone can imagine .
her sighs and tears are like great winds and floods .
he won ’ t fight with me , domitius ?
why won ’ t he ?
tomorrow , soldier , i ’ ll fight by sea and land .
when i strike , i ’ ll cry , “ all or nothing ! ” well put .
call out my household servants .
tonight let ’ s have plenty to eat .
you have all served me well , and kings are your peers .
well , my good fellows , wait on me tonight .
ha , ha , ha !
may the evil one take me if i meant it like that !
those tears will bring blessings to you .
you interpret my words in a melancholy sense , my hearty friends .
have you heard about anything unusual happening in the city ?
it was probably just a rumor .
well sir , good night .
and if our navy wins tomorrow , no doubt our army will do their part .
it ’ s an outstanding army and highly motivated .
what ’ s that sound ?
there ’ s music coming out of thin air .
it ’ s a lucky sign , isn ’ t it ?
hello there , good sirs .
isn ’ t it strange ?
do you hear that , men ?
it ’ s very strange .
come on , good fellow , help me into that armor you ’ re carrying .
if luck deserts us today , it ’ s because we defy it .
no , i ’ ll help too .
what ’ s this part for ?
ah , leave it alone .
really , i ’ ll help .
it must go like this .
we ’ ve got it now.—do you see this , my good fellow ?
go and put on your own armor .
in a minute , sir .
didn ’ t i buckle this well ?
you look like a person who knows the business of war .
when we love our job we get up early and go to it joyfully .
that was a fine fanfare , boys .
like a young man who wants to amount to something , this morning begins early .
whatever happens to me , this is a soldier ’ s kiss .
i ’ ll leave you without revealing any emotion , like a man of steel .
he goes forth to war bravely .
may the gods bless antony today !
i wish you and your scarred self had convinced me to wage our last battle on land .
you don ’ t know ?
someone who was always near you .
sir , he ’ s with caesar .
sir , he left his belongings and treasure .
eros , send his treasure to him .
don ’ t keep anything back , i insist .
write to him from me—i ’ ll sign it—sending greetings and gentle good-byes .
say that i hope he never has cause to look for a new master .
oh , my bad luck has forced honest men to become traitors .
then you should offer the gods a sacrifice to show your thanks .
if fulvia were the last woman on earth , there would be a reason to grieve .
but in this way , grief and comfort appear together .
i must go and continue the business fulvia started .
enough of this frivolous talk .
give our officers notice of our intentions .
i ’ ll tell the queen the reason for our quick departure and get her permission to leave .
the empire may be in danger if he ’ s not restrained before he reaches his full potential .
there are many troubles brewing now that have yet to become full-fledged threats .
agrippa , go start the battle .
we want antony taken alive .
make sure everyone knows that .
an era of universal peace is about to start .
that way antony will feel like he ’ s fighting his own men .
caesar hanged him for this service .
canidius and the others that left antony are given hospitality here but no positions of trust .
enobarbus , antony has sent you all your treasure , with generous gifts besides .
the messenger arrived on my watch and is unloading his mules at your tent .
don ’ t joke about this , enobarbus .
i ’ m telling you the truth .
you ’ d better bring the messenger safely through the lines so he can return .
i ’ d do it myself , but i can ’ t leave my post .
your emperor is still a king among gods .
i am the worst person alive , and i know it the best .
my heart feels like it ’ s about to explode .
i , fight against you , antony ?
no , i ’ ll go find some ditch to die in .
the foulest fate would be most appropriate for me now in this latest phase of my life .
we ’ ve advanced too far .
caesar himself is in trouble and there are more adversaries than we expected .
oh , my brave emperor , this is what i call a fight !
if we ’ d fought like this before , we ’ d have driven them home with bandaged heads .
you ’ re bleeding a lot .
we ’ ll chase ’ em into their latrines .
i still have room for six more wounds .
they ’ re retreating , sir , and our superiority indicates a clear victory .
let ’ s slash their backs and grab ’ em like we do rabbits , from behind .
it ’ s fair game to mark a coward .
i ’ ll reward you once for your cheerfulness and ten times for your courage .
i ’ ll limp after you .
we ’ ve driven him all the way back to his camp .
one of you run to the queen with the news .
before sunrise tomorrow , we ’ ll kill anyone who escaped today .
you are all lord of lords !
have you returned smiling from the great battle for the world ?
my songbird , we have beaten them to their beds .
what do you think , girl !
today he fought as though he were a god who hated mankind .
he deserves it , even if it were covered with jewels like holy
if we aren ’ t relieved in an hour , we have to return to our barracks .
oh , listen to me , night— who is this ?
be my witness , oh you blessed moon .
let ’ s speak to him .
let ’ s listen to him .
but he ’ s sleeping .
no one ever gave a prayer like that before going to sleep .
let ’ s go to him .
wake up , sir , wake up .
do you hear us , sir ?
the hand of death has taken him .
let ’ s carry him to the barracks .
he ’ s an important person .
they ’ ve switched their operation to the sea today .
we didn ’ t please them on land .
we ’ re ready for both , my lord .
i wish they ’ d fight in fire or in the air .
but here ’ s the plan : our army will stay with us on the hills by the city .
let ’ s take up the best positions we can in the valleys .
they still haven ’ t joined the battle .
i ’ ll be able to see better from that pine tree over there .
i ’ ll let you know right away how it ’ s going .
swallows have built nests in cleopatra ’ s sails .
this treacherous egyptian has betrayed me .
tell the army to flee .
oh , sun , i will never see another one of your sunrises .
luck and antony separate here and now .
here we ’ ll shake hands good-bye .
is it all come to this ?
i ’ ve been stripped of everything , betrayed .
oh , that devious egyptian spirit !
why is my lord enraged against his love ?
let him hoist you up in front of the shouting crowds !
follow his chariot , like the greatest disgrace to your whole gender .
then let octavia dig up your face with her nails .
she ’ ll die for it.—eros , ho !
lock yourself in and send him word that you ’ re dead .
when a great person departs , it causes more pain than when the soul leaves the body .
say the last word i spoke was “ antony , ” and please word it pathetically .
go , mardian , and let me know how he reacts to my death .
eros , can you still see me ?
you ’ ve seen these illusions .
that ’ s true , my lord .
eros , my young friend , your captain is now just like that cloud .
no , don ’ t cry , kind eros .
oh , your contemptible lady !
get out , insolent eunuch !
she has betrayed me and shall die .
a person can only pay with their life once , and she has paid in full .
what you wanted is yours .
antony ” was divided between her heart and lips .
she gave up her life with your name still within her .
is she dead , then ?
remove your armor , eros .
oh , chest , obey me !
heart , for once be stronger than all the rest of the body combined .
faster , eros , faster .
i won ’ t be a soldier anymore .
battered armor , be off .
you were worn with honor .
i will catch up with you , cleopatra , and weep for your forgiveness .
since the light of my life has gone out , i ’ ll stop here .
now any effort ruins what it attempts .
yes , even power gets in its own way .
what can i do for my lord ?
since cleopatra died , i have lived in such dishonor that the gods despise my disgrace .
you won ’ t be striking me down , but defeating caesar .
can i do what all the parthian arrows , though shot by enemies , could not ?
draw your trustworthy sword , which you have used in such service to your country .
oh , sir , pardon me !
when i freed you from slavery , didn ’ t you swear to do this when i asked you ?
do it immediately , or all your previous services to me were accidental , without purpose .
take out your sword and come on .
then turn your noble face away from me , that face that the whole world adores .
i haven ’ t seen him recently .
what should i do that i ’ m not doing ?
always give him his way .
don ’ t push him too far .
i wish you ’ d be patient .
we come to hate that which controls us .
i am sick and sullen .
i ’ m sorry to have to say this— help me away from here , dear charmian !
i have drawn my sword .
you ’ ve said it , friend , and farewell to you .
should i do it now ?
well , then , there !
with this i avoid the grief of antony ’ s death .
my queen and eros have by their brave examples beaten me to the history books .
i learned to do this from you .
i ’ m not dead ?
what ’ s the trouble ?
i ’ ve botched the job , friends .
oh , finish what i ’ ve begun .
our guiding light is out .
and time itself is ended .
whoever ’ s a real friend should strike me dead .
your death and destiny advise your followers to escape .
there , diomedes , there .
why don ’ t you answer me , man ?
is that you , diomedes ?
draw your sword and give me enough blows to kill me .
most powerful lord , my mistress cleopatra sent me to you .
when did she send you ?
just now , my lord .
she had a premonition of what has actually happened .
afraid that your anger would not subside , she sent you word she was dead .
too late , good diomedes .
call my guard , please .
carry me , good friends , to where cleopatra is .
it ’ s the last command i shall ever give you .
it ’ s a very sad day .
no , my friends , don ’ t please fate by giving it your sorrow as well .
if we welcome our punishment , we punish it right back by seeming to take it lightly .
oh , charmian , i will never leave this tomb !
be calm , dear lady .
no , i won ’ t .
strange and terrible events are all welcome , but i despise comforts .
the size of my sorrow must be as great as its source .
what ’ s the news !
he is close to death , but not dead yet .
oh , antony , antony , antony !
help , charmian , help , iras , help !
it was not caesar ’ s bravery that conquered antony but antony ’ s that has triumphed over himself .
that ’ s the way it should be—only antony should conquer antony .
no , our general ’ s infatuation is out of control .
his eyes used to glow with pride when he reviewed his troops .
if what you feel is really love , tell me how much .
it would be a pretty stingy love if it could be counted and calculated .
i want to measure the extent of your love , to see how far it stretches .
then you would have to go beyond heaven , beyond earth .
i have news from rome , my good lord .
i am dying , cleopatra , dying .
i will never be exhibited as lucky caesar ’ s prize .
help us , good friends .
oh , quick , before i ’ m gone .
my lord is so heavy !
die where you have lived , in my arms .
if my lips had the power to give life , i would wear them out like this .
i am dying , cleopatra , dying .
give me some wine and let me say a few words .
i ’ ll trust my determination and my hands , but none of caesar ’ s men .
now i feel my soul leaving .
i can ’ t speak any more .
most noble man , will you die ?
don ’ t you care about me ?
shall i stay in this dreary world , which is no better than a pigsty without you ?
oh , the glory of war has faded .
young boys and girls are equal to men .
there is nothing distinctive , nothing remarkable left in the world .
our queen is dead too .
oh , madam , madam , madam !
quiet , quiet , iras .
now all is for nothing .
how are you , my ladies ?
how are you , charmian ?
good noble ladies , be brave .
come on , you can go .
the container of that great soul is now cold .
ah , ladies , ladies !
we have no friends but determination and the quickest death .
what are you doing with a sword ?
who do you think you are coming in here armed ?
i served mark antony , who was the commander most worthy of my services .
while he was alive , i lived only to serve him and oppose his enemies .
if not , you can kill me .
caesar , i ’ m telling you that antony is dead .
when such a great man dies there should be a thunderclap .
this isn ’ t the death of one man .
it ’ s the death of half the world .
now , my dearest queen— please , stand farther away from me .
what ’ s the matter ?
i can see in your eyes there ’ s been some good news .
what , does your wife say you can come home ?
i wish she ’ d never let you come .
don ’ t let her say i kept you .
i have no power over you .
the gods know— oh , never has a queen been so betrayed as i have been .
i knew from the first it would be this way .
it was wild insanity to believe promises made by the mouth and not the heart .
when you begged to stay , that was the time for words .
you didn ’ t want to go then !
you saw eternity in my lips and eyes , and happiness in the arch of my eyebrows .
i pulled it from his wound .
look—his noble blood is still on it .
listen , sad friends , though the gods may rebuke me , this news would make kings cry .
his faults were equally matched by his virtues .
but gods , you give us faults so we ’ ll be human .
either i had to ruin you , or you would have ruined me .
let me tell you , friends—
i ’ ll tell you at a better time .
this man looks like his business is urgent .
let ’ s hear what he has to say .
tell her to put her mind at rest .
may the gods bless you .
tell her we mean her no disrespect .
go , and hurry back to bring us her reply and news of her state of mind .
gallus , you go with him .
i remember he ’ s already occupied .
he ’ ll be done in time .
come and see the proof .
it ’ s pathetic to be caesar .
he can ’ t be fortune ; he ’ s only fortune ’ s errand boy .
caesar greets the queen of egypt and asks that you consider what you will ask from him .
what ’ s your name ?
but i don ’ t worry about being deceived because i don ’ t need to trust .
you ’ re in the charge of an honorable man .
don ’ t be afraid .
please tell him i have surrendered to his fortune .
i ’ m learning every hour how to be subservient .
i ’ ll tell him all of this , dear lady .
stop , brave lady , stop !
we have not betrayed you .
what , am i being denied death , as well ?
don ’ t insult my master ’ s generosity by killing yourself .
your death would prevent that .
where are you , death ?
come , and you can have a queen .
oh , control yourself , lady !
let caesar do whatever he wants .
shall i let them exhibit me to the shouting mobs of rome ?
i ’ d rather die in a ditch in egypt , and make it my gentle grave .
i ’ d rather be hung in chains from one of our pyramids !
you ’ ll see that caesar is giving you no reason to do so .
proculeius , caesar has heard about what you ’ ve done here and has sent for you .
i ’ ll take the queen into my custody .
so be it , dolabella .
have you heard of me , most noble empress ?
i don ’ t remember .
you must be the one who laughs when boys or women tell you their dreams .
isn ’ t that your habit ?
i don ’ t know what you mean , madam .
i dreamed about an emperor called antony .
oh , i wish i could sleep again , so i could have another dream like that !
when he raised his arm in command , the world trembled .
there was no end to his generosity .
kings and noblemen served him .
kingdoms and provinces dropped from his pockets like loose change .
the gods can hear you lying !
antony would easily outshine all imaginary beings .
listen to me , madam .
you are a remarkable person and your loss is equally remarkable .
i hope i never achieve success if i don ’ t feel some of your heartbroken grief right now .
do you know what caesar intends to do with me ?
i ’ m reluctant to tell you what i wish you knew .
you need not kneel to me .
the gods have ordained it to be like this , sir .
don ’ t think i blame you .
i ’ ll leave you now .
you may do whatever you want in the world .
it ’ s yours , and you may hang us , your trophies of war , anywhere you like .
here , my good lord .
what do you mean , lady ?
i wish i were as big and strong as you .
listen to me , queen .
there is an emergency i must take care of , but my whole heart will remain here with you .
my italy is full of civil war .
sextus pompeius is sailing toward the port of rome .
but my personal motivation—and that which should move you most to sanction my departure—is that fulvia is dead .
is it possible fulvia is dead ?
she ’ s dead , my queen .
you shall advise me in everything having to do with cleopatra .
not even trivial things were left out .
what did i keep for myself ?
enough to buy everything you have declared .
no , don ’ t be ashamed , cleopatra .
look around you , caesar .
oh , just see what happens after the pageantry is over !
seleucus ’ ingratitude makes me wild .
i ’ ll give you a good reason to cringe , i promise you .
i ’ ll scratch out your eyes , even if they could fly .
oh , that was unbelievably low !
cleopatra , our conquest won ’ t include either the things you kept back or the ones you listed .
it ’ s all still yours .
do whatever you like with it .
i have so much care and pity for you that you could call me friend .
my master and my lord !
it ’ s time to end it , good lady .
where ’ s the queen ?
make the best use of this information you can .
i have done your bidding and fulfilled my promise .
dolabella , i will always be in debt to you .
i must go attend caesar .
now , iras , what do you think ?
you will be exhibited in rome along with me , like egyptian puppets .
crude slaves with greasy aprons , rulers , and hammers shall lift us up so everyone can see .
no , it ’ s certain , iras .
insolent oh , the good gods !
no , that ’ s the truth .
i ’ ll never see it .
i know my nails are stronger than my eyes ; i ’ ll scratch them out .
why , that ’ s just the way to frustrate their plans and defeat their absurd intentions .
women , dress me like a queen .
go get my best clothes .
what ’ s that noise ?
there ’ s a farmer here who won ’ t leave without seeing your highness .
he has brought you figs .
what a poor instrument , that can do such a noble deed !
there ’ s nothing of the weak woman left in me .
now from head to foot i ’ m as firm as marble .
now the inconstant moon has nothing to do with me .
do you have in there the pretty snake of the nile that kills without pain ?
i certainly do have him , but i wouldn ’ t advise you to touch him .
people who die of it seldom or never recover .
do you remember anyone who died of it ?
many people , men and women alike .
indeed , she gives a very good testimony of the snake ’ s power .
but this is a sure thing : the snake ’ s an odd snake .
i hope you are pleased with the snake .
you must know that the snake will act according to his nature .
there isn ’ t any kindness in the snake .
well , you can go now .
i long to be immortal .
quickly , quickly , good iras , quickly .
i think i hear antony call me .
i see him revive himself to praise my noble act .
now let my courage prove my title as wife .
so , are you done ?
come then , kiss me and take the last bit of warmth from my lips .
iras , i won ’ t see you again for a long time .
do i have the asp ’ s poison on my lips ?
if you leave like that , you tell the world that it ’ s not worthy of a good-bye .
clouds , dissolve into rain , so that i could say the gods themselves are weeping !
separate me from life with your sharp teeth .
poor poisonous fool , be angry and bite .
don ’ t you see my baby suckling at my breast so that its nurse will fall asleep ?
why should i stay— in this vile world ?
now , death , you can boast that you have an incomparable girl in your possession .
the sun will never be seen by such royal eyes again .
i ’ ll straighten it , then play— where ’ s the queen ?
don ’ t wake her .
caesar has sent— too slow a messenger .
there ’ s dolabella , who was sent from caesar .
what kind of work is this , charmian ?
it is well done , and appropriate for a princess who has descended from so many royal kings .
what ’ s going on in here ?
they ’ re all dead .
caesar , you thought this would happen .
you ’ re coming here yourself to see the dreaded act you had tried to stop .
stop arguing and listen to my plans .
whether i go ahead with them or not is completely up to you .
i swear by the sun that when i leave here , it will be as your faithful servant .
cut my corset laces , charmian , so i can breathe .
control yourself , my precious queen , and concede that my love is true .
that ’ s what fulvia told me .
i beg you , turn away and cry for her .
then say good-bye to me and tell me those tears were for my benefit .
oh , sir , you are too good at predicting the future .
what you were afraid of has happened .
i don ’ t see any blood .
who was with them last ?
a simple country farmer who brought her figs .
they were poisoned , then .
oh , caesar , this charmian lived until a moment ago .
i found her adjusting the crown on her dead mistress .
she stood trembling , then suddenly dropped dead .
here on her breast there ’ s a little bloody mark .
there ’ s a similar mark on her arm .
pick up her bed and carry her ladies out of the tomb .
she shall be buried next to her antony .
no other grave on earth shall hold a pair this famous .
our army shall somberly attend this funeral and then depart for rome .
you ’ ll make me angry .
i know you can do better than that , but it ’ ll do for now .
i swear by my sword— swear by your shield , too !
i ’ ll leave you , lady .
polite sir , let me say one thing .
sir , you and i must part company—no , that ’ s not it .
it ’ s difficult to have such immaturity so close to my heart , but bear with me .
even the traits that become me most kill me when you don ’ t approve of them .
your honor is the reason you are leaving .
may the gods be with you .
may your sword be victorious and everything you do succeed .
you ’ re too forgiving .
here ’ s more news .
pompey has a strong navy .
i should have known it .
it ’ s been this way ever since the first government was organized .
antony , it ’ s time to stop your wild hedonism .
you drank horses ’ urine and water from scum-covered puddles that even animals would refuse .
it ’ s too bad .
let ’ s hope his sense of shame will send him back to rome quickly .
it ’ s time that we brought our armies into the field .
pompey is making the most of our absence .
i ’ ll be getting my own figures together in the meantime .
so i can sleep away the time while my antony is gone .
you think about him too much .
i hope not , madam .
what can i do for your highness ?
i don ’ t want to hear you sing .
i ’ m not interested in anything a eunuch can do .
well , not in deed , madam , since i can ’ t do anything unchaste .
is he standing or sitting ?
or is he on his horse ?
oh , how fortunate that horse is to have antony on him .
i ’ m killing myself with this provocative speculation . . .
are you thinking about me ?
no , listen to it , antony .
perhaps what , my love ?
you can ’ t stay here any longer .
call in the messengers and we ’ ll find out .
queen of egypt , greetings !
you are nothing like mark antony !
but since you come from him , you ’ re saturated with his healing spirit .
how does it go with my magnificent mark antony ?
my ear must pull it out .
was he sad or happy ?
he wasn ’ t sad , because he knows that his disposition affects others .
he was somewhere in the middle , between them . . .
whether you are sad or merry , the intensity of either suits you like no one else . . .
yes , madam , twenty different messengers .
why did you send so many ?
whoever is born on a day i forget to send a message to antony will die a beggar .
bring ink and paper , charmian .
welcome , my good alexas .
charmian , did i ever love caesar as much as this ?
oh , that splendid caesar !
may you choke on any other sentiments like that !
say , “ that splendid antony. ” the courageous caesar !
pardon me , but i ’ m just repeating what you yourself have said .
that was when i was young and inexperienced and didn ’ t know what passion was .
in that case , the wise gods deny our prayers for our own good .
i ’ ll do well .
the people are on my side , and i ’ m in charge of the sea .
my forces are growing , and everything i know tells me it ’ s all coming together .
mark antony is at dinner in egypt and won ’ t be going outside to make war .
caesar loses supporters wherever he raises money .
caesar and lepidus are organizing their military operation .
they have a massive army .
where did you hear this ?
it ’ s not true .
i know they ’ re in rome together , hoping for antony to return .
lecherous cleopatra , may all the charms of love soften those withered lips !
join your witchcraft with your beauty , and let antony ’ s lust combine with both .
keep this libertine occupied with endless debauchery .
this news is absolutely true : mark antony is expected to arrive in rome at any hour now .
in the time since he left egypt , he could have traveled an even longer distance .
his military ability is double that of the other two .
i don ’ t expect caesar and antony will have a very friendly reunion .
menas , i don ’ t understand how minor quarrels can be superseded by greater ones .
it will be as the gods see fit .
in any case , our survival depends on putting together the strongest force possible .
let ’ s go , menas .
i will advise him to speak as he usually does .
by jupiter , if i were antony , i wouldn ’ t shave my beard today .
this is not the time for dwelling on personal grievances .
but major issues must come before minor ones .
not if the minor ones come up first .
here comes the noble antony .
if we were in front of our armies , about to fight , i would do this .
caesar , what did my stay in egypt have to do with you ?
no more than my staying here in rome might mean to you in egypt .
how do you mean , “ conspired ” ?
you can judge for yourself what i mean .
your wife and brother led troops against me , claiming to be fighting in your name .
they said they were acting for you .
my brother didn ’ t use my name to justify his rebellion .
he rejected my authority as much as yours .
i ’ ve already sent the proof in my letters .
if you want to pick a fight , you ’ ll have to find a more substantial excuse .
you defend yourself by blaming my judgment , but you ’ re just making up feeble excuses .
not true , not true .
you know i would never approve a war against my own cause .
as for my wife , if only you had such a wife .
it ’ s easier to rule a third of the world than a wife like that .
but you can ’ t blame me for her offenses .
i sent you a letter while you were carousing in alexandria .
i was not myself , as a result of the wine .
the next day i explained all this to him , which was as good as begging his pardon .
let ’ s not fight over this fellow .
tonight we ’ ll wander through the streets and observe the people .
you will never be able to say the same about me .
what part of the agreement did i break ?
you agreed to send me troops and weapons when i needed them .
i overlooked your request , but i did not deny it .
or you can pretend to settle your differences until this matter with pompey is finished .
you can argue as much as you like when there ’ s nothing else to do .
you are only a soldier .
don ’ t speak any further .
may i speak , caesar .
what is it , agrippa ?
you have a beautiful half-sister , octavia .
great mark antony is a widower now .
you ’ d better not make that suggestion , agrippa .
if cleopatra heard you , you would be well punished for your audacity .
it ’ s true i ’ m not married , caesar .
let me hear what agrippa has to say .
since she would love both of you , you two would be joined in that love .
what do you say , caesar ?
he has both my power and my influence over octavia .
i wouldn ’ t dream of opposing such an obviously promising idea .
here ’ s my hand .
i give you a sister whom i love more than a brother ever loved any sister .
she will be the bond that joins our kingdoms and our hearts .
i ’ m happy to say “ amen ” to that !
i didn ’ t think i would ever fight pompey .
there isn ’ t much time .
either we go after pompey or he ’ ll come after us .
near how large is his land army ?
but his navy rules the sea .
that ’ s what i hear .
come with us , lepidus .
noble antony , even illness couldn ’ t keep me away .
we can be happy that things have been resolved so agreeably .
and i see you survived your time in egypt .
we heard that once you were served eight wild boars roasted whole for breakfast—for only twelve people !
there were many even more memorable feasts .
she ’ s a remarkable lady , if the rumors are to be believed .
i ’ ll tell you .
the oars were made of silver , and the oarsmen rowed in time to flute music .
when she landed at the port , antony sent an invitation for her to come to supper .
she replied by saying that it would be better for him to be her guest instead .
now antony has to leave her completely .
age won ’ t wither her , and her charms are so varied that she never grows boring .
even her worst faults are charming , and holy priests bless her even when she acts the slut .
good enobarbus , consider yourself my guest as long as you ’ re here .
and i will spend our time apart on my knees , praying for you .
tell me why , if you can .
but you had better get back to egypt again .
tell me who shall have the better luck , caesar or me ?
so you ’ d better not stay with him , antony .
your guardian angel is noble , courageous , significant , and unmatched when caesar ’ s not around .
but when you are with him , your angel is weakened and easily frightened .
that ’ s why there must be space between you .
don ’ t speak of this again .
to none but you , only to you .
with his natural luck , he will beat you even against the odds .
your light dulls when he is near .
tell ventidius i want to speak with him .
you must go to parthia .
come with me and i ’ ll get it for you .
don ’ t spend any more time here .
go tell your generals to hurry their preparations .
sir , we ’ ll follow as soon as mark antony kisses octavia good-bye .
you ’ re taking a shorter route .
my plans take me a roundabout way .
you ’ ll get there two days before me .
music feeds the melancholy moods of us lovers .
let ’ s play billiards .
play with me , charmian .
i ’ ll do my best , madam .
i don ’ t want to play now .
give me my fishing rod .
we ’ ll go to the river .
with my music playing in the background , i ’ ll lure fish .
cram your good news into my ears .
madam , madam— antony ’ s dead !
if you say that , you bastard , you ’ ll kill your queen .
kings have trembled to kiss this hand .
let me say first , madam , that he is well .
well then , here ’ s more money for you .
but you know , sirrah , we customarily say that the dead are well .
good madam , let me speak .
all right , i will .
but you don ’ t look as if you bring good news .
i am the duke who loved your father .
give me your hand , and explain your situation to me .
you haven ’ t seen him since ?
sir , sir , that can ’ t be true .
but do this : find your brother , wherever he is .
bring him here dead or alive within the next year , or get out off my land .
do this immediately , and send him packing .
hang there on this tree , you lines of poetry , and bear witness to my love .
and you , and how are you liking the shepherd ’ s life , master touchstone ?
are you any kind of philosopher yourself , shepherd ?
you ’ re a natural-born philosopher !
were you ever at court , shepherd ?
you are in a perilous state , shepherd .
not at all , touchstone .
you told me that you don ’ t salute at the court but kiss hands .
now , if courtiers were shepherds , that kind of courtesy would be unclean .
what , don ’ t courtiers ' hands sweat ?
and isn ’ t a sheep ’ s grease as wholesome as a man ’ s sweat ?
that ’ s a poor example .
besides , our hands are hard and calloused .
then your lips will feel them more quickly .
you are about as much of a thinker as worm ’ s meat is a nice steak .
fix your example , shepherd .
your wit is too courtly for me .
i ’ ll rest now .
can you tell me whether rosalind , duke senior ’ s daughter , has also been banished ?
where will the old duke live ?
you ’ re going to rest while you ’ re still damned ?
god help you , foolish man .
pray god does some surgery on you : you need to be fixed .
here comes young mr. ganymede , my new mistress ’ s brother .
there is no jewel like rosalind .
her worth is carried on the wind and it blows throughout the world , carrying the name of rosalind .
all the most beautiful paintings are black when compared to rosalind .
don ’ t think of any beauty but the beauty of rosalind .
i could rhyme like that for eight years in a row , excepting meal times and sleeping hours .
that awful , plodding rhyme sounded like a row of dairy women stomping off to market .
oh , stop , fool .
let me try : if there ’ s a buck who needs a doe tell him rosalind will do .
a cat in heat will look for a mate , and rosalind certainly will too .
winter garments need to be filled with something , and so does skinny rosalind .
after you harvest , you have to sheaf and bind so throw ripe rosalind on the harvest cart .
the sweetest nut has the sourest rind and rosalind is that kind of nut .
the man who finds the sweetest rose will be pricked by it , and by rosalind .
this is exactly the false way that verses gallop along .
quiet , you stupid fool .
i found them on a tree .
well , the tree bears rotten fruit .
heaven commanded nature to fill her one body with all the graces that women contain .
heaven wanted rosalind to have these gifts and me to live and die as her slave .
were you listening to these verses ?
oh yes , i heard them all , and more , too .
and he had a chain that once belonged to you hanging around his neck .
it ’ s difficult to bring two friends together , but even mountains can be moved together by earthquakes .
no , who are you talking about ?
no , i ’ m begging you now , tell me who it is .
oh , this is wonderful , wonderful—just wonderful wonderful !
every second you delay is as long and dull as a journey to south seas .
i ’ m begging you , tell me who it is quickly , and speak fast .
i ’ m begging you , take the cork out of your mouth so i can drink the news .
so you want to put a man in your belly .
i mean , what sort of man is he ?
is he enough of a man to wear a hat and grow a beard ?
no , he has only a little beard .
well , eventually god will send him some more hair , if he thanks him .
it ’ s orlando , who triumphed over both the wrestler and you in the same instant .
damn you for mocking me .
really , cousin , it ’ s him .
what did he do when you saw him ?
did he ask about me ?
how did he say good-bye ?
and when will you see him again ?
answer me in a word .
does he look as bright and handsome as the day we saw him wrestling ?
but taste my story , and relish it by paying attention .
i found orlando under a tree , like a dropped acorn .
that tree could be called god ’ s tree , since it drops such wonderful fruit .
let me talk , good lady .
he lay there , stretched out like a wounded knight .
though that must have been a pitiful sight , the ground looked beautiful .
cry , “ whoa ! ” to your tongue , please .
it ’ s leaping about like a frisky horse .
he was dressed like a hunter .
oh , that ’ s ominous !
he has come to kill my heart .
i ’ d like to sing my song solo .
you ’ re making me go off-key .
don ’ t you know that i ’ m a woman ?
whatever i think , i have to say .
isn ’ t that him heading this way ?
thanks for your company but , really , i would have preferred being alone .
let ’ s meet as little as we can .
i also hope that we can be better strangers .
please don ’ t ruin any more trees by carving love poems on their barks .
please don ’ t ruin any more of my poems by reading them so badly .
your love ’ s name is rosalind ?
yes , that ’ s it .
i don ’ t like her name .
just as tall as my heart .
you ’ re sure full of smooth answers .
your worst fault is being in love .
well , it ’ s a fault i wouldn ’ t trade for your best virtue .
i ’ m tired of you .
there i ’ ll see only myself .
which is either a fool or a nothing .
i ’ m not going to waste any more time with you .
goodbye , good mr. love .
i ’ m glad to see you go .
adieu , good mr. depression .
you should ask me what time of day it is , instead .
there ’ s no clock here in the forest .
indeed i do , sir , and i ’ ve come to let you in on a certain problem .
i ’ d be just as happy if you broke his neck as his finger .
wouldn ’ t that have been just as appropriate ?
no , not at all , sir .
time travels at different speeds for different people .
okay , who does it trot for ?
who does time amble for ?
time ambles for both men .
who does it gallop for ?
who does it stand still for ?
for lawyers on vacation , because they sleep their holidays away , with no sense of how time moves .
where do you live , pretty young man ?
just like the rabbit , who lives where she is born .
your speech is more refined than i would expect in such a remote place as this .
many people have told me so .
thank god i ’ m not a woman and afflicted with all the giddiness that troubles that entire sex .
what were the primary evils he claimed women were guilty of ?
there were no primary ones .
please , tell me some of them .
no , i won ’ t give my medicine away to anyone but the sick .
well , i ’ m the man you ’ re speaking of .
please , tell me your cure .
but you don ’ t have any of the symptoms my uncle told me about .
what did he say the symptoms were ?
but you ’ re no such man .
you ’ re so neat and well put-together that you look like you love yourself more than anyone else .
young boy , i wish i could make you believe that i ’ m in love .
i swear to you by rosalind ’ s own pretty hand that i am that unfortunate man .
are you really as in love as your poems declare ?
neither rhyme nor reason can express how much i love her .
but i promise it can be cured with some guidance .
have you ever cured anyone this way before ?
yes , one , and this is how i did it .
i don ’ t want to be cured , boy .
by my faith in love , i will , then .
tell me where you live .
wholeheartedly , good young man .
no , you have to call me rosalind.—sister , you ’ re coming ?
come on , sweet audrey .
i ’ ll get your goats , audrey .
do my simple features please you ?
your features , god help us !
really , audrey , i wish you were more poetical .
i don ’ t know what “ poetical ” means .
is it “ chaste in word and action ” ?
does it mean being truthful ?
not really , for the truest poetry is often the most artificial .
but you still wish the gods had made me poetical ?
i do , in fact .
what , you don ’ t want me to be chaste ?
not really , unless you were ugly .
well , i ’ m not beautiful , so i hope that i can at least be chaste .
i ’ m not a slut—i keep myself clean—but i thank god i am ugly .
well , praise the lord you ’ re ugly .
well , god bless this marriage !
well , that ’ s what the wife brings to the marriage .
well , there they are .
the nobleman ’ s are as huge as the underfed villager ’ s .
is the single man lucky , then ?
will you marry us here , under this tree , or should we follow you to your chapel ?
is there anyone to give the bride away ?
i don ’ t want to take another man ’ s second-hand goods .
no , someone has to give her away or the marriage isn ’ t legal .
how are you , sir ?
we ’ re glad to see you .
god bless you for being here .
i ’ m very glad to see you .
this is just a trifling matter here , sir .
no , no , put your hat back on .
do you want to get married , fool ?
then one of you will warp and pull away—and there goes your marriage .
come with me and let me advise you .
we have to be married properly .
none of these deranged rascals can shake me from my profession .
don ’ t talk to me .
i ’ m going to cry .
go ahead if you want , but remember that crying doesn ’ t suit a man .
but don ’ t i have good reason to cry ?
as good a reason as any .
so go ahead and cry .
his kiss is as holy as bread blessed by a priest .
i ’ m very glad i came to see you .
if he shows up tomorrow , i ’ ll give him what ’ s coming to him .
if he can manage to walk after our fight , i ’ ll never wrestle for money again .
but not for long ; charles will take care of everything .
but you heard him swear up and down that he was .
he ’ s staying in the forest with your father now .
i met my father in the woods yesterday and had a long conversation with him .
he laughed at that and let me go .
he ’ s like a cowardly
who ’ s coming here ?
yes , what about him ?
sweet phoebe , do not scorn me .
go ahead and say you don ’ t love me , but not so bitterly .
faint , fall down—if you don ’ t , then you ’ re lying about my eyes being murderers .
come on , show me the wound that my eyes have caused .
but my eyes , which i ’ ve darted at you , haven ’ t even left a mark .
now i am sure that eyes can ’ t hurt a person .
well , until that time , don ’ t come near me .
but mistress , know yourself .
get down on your knees and thank heaven for sending you such a good man .
ask this man ’ s forgiveness , love him , and accept his offer .
so take her , shepherd , and god bless you .
besides , i don ’ t like you .
and don ’ t be proud .
sweet phoebe , have pity on me .
well , i ’ m sorry for you , gentle silvius .
then both my grief and your sorrow will be cured .
isn ’ t that enough ?
well , that ’ s just greedy .
but don ’ t expect any more than that .
do you know the boy who was just speaking to me ?
not very well , but i ’ ve met him several times .
don ’ t think i ’ m in love with him just because i ’ m asking about him .
but what do i care about words ?
and yet , words are a good thing when the man speaking them is pleasant to listen to .
he ’ s awfully proud , but his pride suits him .
he ’ ll grow up to be a proper man .
he ’ s not very tall , but he ’ s tall enough for his age .
his legs aren ’ t great , but they ’ re alright .
what right did he have to scold me like that ?
i ’ m surprised i didn ’ t bite back .
but no matter—i ’ ll get back at him soon enough .
i ’ ll write him a taunting letter , and you can deliver it .
will you do that for me , silvius ?
with all my heart , phoebe .
i ’ ll be bitter toward him , and curt .
come with me , silvius .
please , pretty young man , i ’ d like to get to know you better .
they say you are a melancholy fellow .
i like it better than laughing .
people who are either too serious or too silly are awful .
well , i think it ’ s good to be serious and keep quiet .
in that case it ’ s good to be a post .
you ’ re a traveler .
well then , you have good reason to be sad .
i ’ m afraid you ’ ve sold your own land to see other men ’ s .
to have seen much but own nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands .
and your experience makes you sad .
good day and happiness to you , darling rosalind .
my beautiful rosalind , i ’ m only an hour late .
please , rosalind , my sweet cousin—be happy .
dear celia—i already look much happier than i feel , but you want me to look even happier ?
i swear i will , and if i ever break my promise let me turn into a monster .
so please , my sweet rose , my dear rose , be happy .
let me see—what do you think about falling in love ?
you ’ d break a date with your beloved by a whole hour ?
forgive me , darling rosalind .
no , if you ’ re ever late like this again , i ’ ll refuse to see you .
i ’ d rather be wooed by a snail .
besides , he brings his fate with him .
why , his cuckold ’ s horns , of course—the kind you men are always blaming on your wives .
a virtuous woman won ’ t give her husband horns , and my rosalind is definitely virtuous .
and i am your rosalind .
come on , woo me , woo me .
i ’ m in a good mood now and likely to give you what you want .
what would you say to me now if i really were your precious little rosalind ?
i ’ d kiss you before i spoke .
what if she won ’ t kiss me ?
who could be out of things to say if he were with the girl he loves ?
aren ’ t i your rosalind ?
i like to pretend you are , because then it ’ s almost like actually talking to her .
no , you won ’ t die yourself , but only by proxy .
then love me , rosalind .
okay , i will—on fridays and saturdays , and the rest .
and will you have me ?
sure , and twenty others just like you .
well , aren ’ t you a good man ?
right now ; as fast as she can say the vows .
now tell me how long you intend to keep her .
and when you want to go to sleep , i ’ ll be up laughing like a hyena .
but will my rosalind do this , too ?
the wiser the woman , the wilder .
if you close the doors on a woman ’ s wit , it ’ ll fly out the window .
if you shut the windows , it will pour out the keyhole .
if you stop up the keyhole , it will escape from the chimney along with the smoke .
you ’ ll never find her without an answer unless you find her without a tongue .
rosalind , i have to leave you for two hours .
i must join the duke for lunch .
i ’ ll be back here with you by two o'clock .
oh , go , leave me .
i knew you ’ d turn out this way .
my friends told me as much , and i knew it , too .
so , take me , death !
you ’ ll be back at two o'clock ?
so beware of my contempt , and keep your promise .
i ’ ll keep my promise just as if you really were rosalind .
well , time is the old judge that tries your kind of criminal .
you have absolutely abused our sex in this love talk of yours .
i ’ m telling you , aliena , i can ’ t stand being apart from orlando .
i ’ m going to find some shade and sigh until he returns .
and i ’ m going to sleep .
which one of you killed the deer ?
it doesn ’ t matter if it ’ s in tune so long as it ’ s loud enough .
what do you say now ?
isn ’ t it past two o'clock ?
and i see a lot of orlando here .
look who ’ s coming .
no , i swear , i don ’ t even know what ’ s in it .
well , then , what should we do for fun instead ?
come on , you ’ re a fool , and driven to extreme measures by love .
the point is that she didn ’ t write this letter .
these are a man ’ s words , and his handwriting .
i ’ m telling you , it ’ s hers .
why , she challenges me like a muslim would challenge a christian .
do you want to hear what she says ?
she ’ s phoebe-ing me .
listen to what the tyrant says .
why do you pity him ?
follow them straight to the cottage .
since you asked , i suppose it ’ s not bragging to say that we are .
it ’ s about who i am , and how , why , and where this handkerchief was stained .
he discovered that the man was his older brother .
he turned away twice and almost left him there .
was it you that he rescued ?
was it you that was always plotting to kill him ?
but what about the bloody handkerchief ?
i ’ ll get there .
after a brief time—as he is a strong , brave man—
many people faint when they see blood .
there ’ s more to it than that.—ganymede !
look , he ’ s recovering .
i want to go home .
we ’ ll take you there .
please , will you take his arm ?
you ’ re a man ?
you don ’ t have a man ’ s courage .
it ’ s true , i confess .
oh , sir , someone would think i was a good fake .
please tell your brother what a convincing show i put on .
your cheeks are too flushed for me to believe that was a fake faint .
fake , i ’ m telling you .
well , then , be brave and pretend to be a man .
that ’ s what i ’ m doing .
but honestly , i should have been a woman .
come on , you keep getting paler .
i ’ ll do that , because i have to tell my brother how you forgave him , rosalind .
i ’ ll think of something .
but please , tell him how well i faked a faint .
will you come with us ?
we ’ ll get married at some point , audrey .
really , the priest was good enough , no matter what that old guy said .
no , he was wicked and vile .
but audrey , there ’ s a boy in the forest who claims you ’ re his girl .
here comes the man himself .
it warms my heart to encounter such a country bumpkin .
how old are you , friend ?
yes , it ’ s william , sir .
were you born here in the forest ?
yes sir , thank god .
thank god ” —that ’ s a good answer .
so-so ” is good , very good , an excellent answer .
and then again , it ’ s not so good , but only so-so .
yes sir , i ’ m fairly witty .
well , that ’ s a fine answer .
then learn this from me : if you have something , you have it .
why , the he that will marry this woman .
i ’ ll poison you , or beat you with a club , or stab you with a sword .
i ’ ll bandy you about and overwhelm you with my cleverness .
i will , in other words , kill you in three hundred and fifty ways .
therefore , tremble with fear and leave .
do what he says , william .
our master and mistress are looking for you .
hurry up , audrey , hurry.—i ’ m coming , i ’ m coming .
mistress , you have to go see your father .
did they make you the messenger ?
and how , out of your great heap of knowledge , will you manage to prove that ?
yes , please ; unleash your wisdom .
watch me : stroke your chins and swear by your beards that i am a knave .
by our beards ( if we had them ) , you are a knave .
and i swear by my wickedness ( if i had any ) that i am a knave .
is it really possible that you could like her right after meeting her ?
you can be married tomorrow if you want .
i ’ ll invite the duke and all of his followers .
go get aliena ready—because , look , here comes my rosalind .
and hello to you , fair sister .
oh , darling orlando , it ’ s so hard to see you wearing your heart in a sling .
actually , it ’ s my arm .
i thought your heart had been wounded by a lion ’ s claws .
they ’ re in the heat of passion ; they simply have to be together .
you couldn ’ t beat the two of them apart .
they ’ ll be married tomorrow , and i ’ ll invite the duke to the ceremony .
but , oh , it makes me bitter to look at happiness through another man ’ s eyes .
well then , can ’ t i act as rosalind for you tomorrow ?
i can ’ t live by pretending anymore .
i won ’ t exhaust you anymore with idle chitchat .
you should know that i think you ’ re a smart man .
believe me , then , that i have special powers .
i swear on my life , which i take pretty seriously , even if i am a magician .
look , here comes someone who loves me , along with someone who loves her .
i don ’ t care .
a faithful shepherd worships you .
silvius , tell this youth what it means to be in love .
it means being full of sighs and tears , like i am for phoebe .
and like i am for ganymede .
and like i am for rosalind .
and like i am for no woman .
it means being faithful and ready to serve , just like i am for phoebe .
and like i am for ganymede .
and like i am for rosalind .
and like i am for no woman .
it means being filled with fantasy ; with passion and wishes ; with adoration , loyalty , and devotion .
and i for no woman .
since you know all this is true , why do you blame me for loving you ?
and why do you blame me for loving you ?
and why do you blame me for loving you ?
who are you talking to ?
i ’ m saying it to the girl who isn ’ t here and doesn ’ t hear me .
all right , stop this .
you sound like a pack of wolves howling at the moon .
as long as i ’ m alive , i ’ ll be here .
tomorrow is the happy day , audrey .
we ’ ll be married tomorrow .
i hope it doesn ’ t make me unchaste that i really want to be a married woman .
here come two of duke senior ’ s pages .
good afternoon , good gentleman .
it really is good to see you .
come , sit , sit , and sing me a song .
should we just get down to it ?
orlando , do you really believe that this boy can do everything he ’ s promised ?
yes , even if i had whole kingdoms to give along with her .
i will , even if i were king of all kingdoms .
yes , even if i die an hour later .
but if you decide not to marry me , you ’ ll marry this faithful shepherd instead ?
that ’ s the deal .
even if marrying her meant i died .
i ’ ve promised to make everything right .
silvius , keep your promise to marry phoebe if she refuses me .
i ’ ll leave now , to set all these things right .
this shepherd boy reminds me quite vividly of my daughter .
my lord , when i first saw him i thought he was your daughter ’ s brother .
my lord , welcome this man .
this is the jester i have met so many times in the forest .
he swears he used to be a courtier .
if anyone doubts this , let him put me on trial .
i have bankrupted three tailors .
i have quarreled four times , and almost got in a fight .
and how was that one settled ?
well , we almost fought and then realized that we had reached the seventh cause .
what do you mean , the seventh cause ?
i like him very well .
tell me , who is this knight ?
a man old frederick , your father , loves .
if he has my father ’ s love , then that ’ s enough honor for me .
no more talk about my father ; you ’ ll be whipped for slander one of these days .
honestly , you ’ re speaking the truth—ever since the fools were with his mouth full of news .
which he ’ ll shove down our throats the way pigeons feed their young .
then we ’ ll be stuffed with news .
well that ’ s good .
if we ’ re hello , monsieur le beau .
what ’ s the news ?
fair princess , you ’ ve missed some good sport .
god bless you , sir .
this poor virgin isn ’ t much to look at , sir , but she ’ s mine .
really , he ’ s very witty , and full of wise sayings .
but back to that argument you mentioned .
what ’ s the “ seventh cause ” ?
i didn ’ t like the way a particular courtier had cut his beard .
he sent me word that , whether i liked it or not , he liked it fine .
he ’ s as smart as they come , but just a jester .
he uses his clownishness to disguise his deadly wit .
there is laughter in heaven when earthly affairs are put right and people unite .
good duke , come receive your daughter .
hymen brought her from heaven yes , brought her here .
if my eyes don ’ t deceive me , you are my daughter .
if my eyes don ’ t deceive me , you are my rosalind .
if my eyes aren ’ t deceiving me , goodbye , love .
my niece , you are welcome here as if you were my own daughter .
let me have your attention for a moment .
i ’ m sir rowland ’ s middle son , and i bring you news .
i swear on my life that i ’ m speaking the truth .
do you mean to say that the duke has abandoned the glamorous court to live as a monk ?
i will go find him .
there is much to be learned from these converts .
stay , jaques , stay here for a bit .
no , this fun is not for me .
we ’ ll begin the ceremony the way we hope it will end—with delight .
if it ’ s true that you don ’ t need
i don ’ t understand—how should i answer that ?
however your wit and luck allow .
tell us about this wrestling .
well , we ’ ve missed the beginning ; it ’ s dead and buried .
there comes an old man with his three sons— it sounds like the beginning of an old folktale .
three proper young men , all good looking and with great presence—
charles did the same to the second brother , and the third .
but tell me , monsieur—what sport are the ladies missing ?
why , the one i just told you about .
me too , i swear .
doesn ’ t anyone else want to see this , and hear breath wheezing out from broken ribs ?
shall we go watch this wrestling , cousin ?
yes , i see them coming .
let ’ s stay and watch .
since the youth won ’ t be reasoned with , he ’ ll have to suffer for his stubbornness .
that ’ s him , madam .
alas , he is too young .
what ’ s up , daughter and niece ?
have you snuck over here to watch the wrestling ?
yes , my lord , if you give us permission .
call him over here , good monsieur le beau .
i remember , adam , that ’ s here comes my master , your brother .
go hide , adam , and you ’ ll hear how he abuses me .
mister challenger , the princess wants to speak to you .
i ’ ll wait on them with all respect and duty .
young man , have you challenged charles the wrestler ?
he is the general challenger .
i have only come in—like the others have—to try to fight him with the strength of my youth .
young gentleman , you are too bold for your age .
you have seen the cruel proof of this man ’ s strength .
we beg you , for your own sake , to respect your safety and give up .
in this world , i ’ m only taking up space .
i wish i could give you the little strength that i have .
mine too , to join hers .
i hope to god i ’ m wrong about your chances .
i hope you get what you desire !
you get only one round .
oh , what an excellent young man !
no more , no more .
how are you doing , charles ?
he can ’ t speak , my lord .
what is your name , young man ?
orlando , my lord , the youngest son of sir rowland de boys .
i wish you were someone else ’ s son .
the whole world thought your father was an honorable man , but he was always my enemy .
i wish you had told me you had a different father .
if i were my father , cousin , would i do this ?
gentle cousin , let ’ s go thank him and encourage him .
good luck , fair gentleman .
he ’ s calling us back .
my will you come on , cousin ?
what is this passion that ties up my tongue ?
i can ’ t speak to her , even though she asked me to .
either charles or some prettier thing has mastered you .
good sir , as a friend , i advise you to leave this place .
later , in a better world than this , i ’ d love to get to know you .
i ’ m indebted to you .
out of the frying pan and into the fire—from a tyrant duke to a tyrant brother !
but , oh , heavenly rosalind !
what ’ s going on , rosalind ?
i don ’ t even have one to throw at a dog .
no , your words are too precious to be wasted on dogs .
throw some of your words at me .
is all of this about your father ?
no , some of it is about my child ’ s father .
if we walk on the well-worn paths , they won ’ t get caught in our petticoats .
i ’ d try it , if i could cry “ hem ” and have him .
come on , take control of your feelings .
but they ’ re siding with a better wrestler than myself .
oh , that ’ s a good wish !
does that necessarily mean you should love his son ?
by that kind of logic , i should hate orlando , since my father hates his father .
but i don ’ t hate orlando .
no , please don ’ t hate him—for my sake .
why shouldn ’ t i ?
doesn ’ t he deserve it ?
let me love him because he deserves it , and you can love him because i do .
look , here comes the duke .
madam , hurry as fast as you can get out of my court .
please , your grace , tell me what crime i have committed .
all traitors protest like this .
i don ’ t trust you .
you are your father ’ s daughter .
i was his daughter when your highness took my father ’ s dukedom .
i was his daughter when you banished him .
my father wasn ’ t a traitor .
dear master , listen to me .
yes , celia , we kept her here for your sake .
i was too young at the time to appreciate her value , but now i know her .
if she ’ s a traitor , why then , so am i .
you ’ re a fool .
you will seem even brighter and more virtuous when she ’ s out of the picture .
the sentence i ’ ve passed down on her is firm and unshakeable .
then lay that sentence on me too , my lord .
i can not live without her .
you are a fool.—you , niece , prepare to leave .
on my honor and by my word , if you outstay the ten days , you will die .
oh , my poor rosalind , where will you go ?
do you want to exchange fathers ?
i ’ ll give you mine .
i insist , don ’ t be more distressed than i am .
i have more reason to be distressed .
i ’ ve never been taught how to make anything .
well , then , what are you messing up ?
i ’ m helping indeed , sir , find something better to do and get lost for a while .
should i tend your pigs and eat husks with them ?
when did i do you know where you are , sir ?
yes , sir , very well—i ’ m here in your orchard .
do you know whom you ’ re talking to ?
yes , better than you know me .
i know you ’ re my oldest brother , and deserve more respect .
no you haven ’ t , cousin .
don ’ t you realize the duke has also banished me , his daughter ?
no , he hasn ’ t .
oh , he hasn ’ t ?
should we part , sweet girl ?
but where will we go ?
to the forest of arden , to find your father .
but what danger we ’ ll put ourselves in , two young , innocent women traveling so far !
fresh beauty attracts thugs and thieves even more than money .
i ’ ll put on some poor and ragged clothes and smudge my face with dirt .
wouldn ’ t it be better—since i ’ m unusually tall for a woman—to dress myself like a man ?
what should i call you when you ’ re a man ?
i ’ ll take no lesser name than that of something that refers to my current state .
instead of celia , call me aliena .
wouldn ’ t he be a comfort to us in our travels ?
let ’ s go gather our jewels and money .
now , we go contentedly to freedom—not banishment .
aren ’ t these woods less perilous than the court , with all its jealousies and intrigues ?
come , shall we hunt some deer for dinner ?
indeed , my lord , the gloomy jaques grieves over these deaths .
big , round tears ran piteously down the animal ’ s innocent nose .
and did you leave him like this ?
we did , my lord , weeping and carrying on about the sobbing deer .
i ’ ll bring you to him right away .
can it be possible that no one saw them leave ?
some villains in my court must have known about this and let it happen .
i can ’ t find anyone who saw her leave .
her ladies-in-waiting saw her go to bed , and early this morning the bed was empty .
my lord , that dirty clown whom you laughed at so often is also missing .
send a message to his brother .
bring that swinger orlando here .
if he ’ s not around , bring his brother oliver to me .
i ’ ll make oliver find him .
what are you doing here ?
why are you so strong and good ?
why do people love you ?
and why are you noble , strong , and brave ?
why would you be so foolish as to beat the moody duke ’ s favorite champion ?
your praise has beaten you home .
don ’ t you know , master , that some men ’ s best qualities do them in ?
oh , what a world this is , when even what is beautiful in a man poisons him !
why , what ’ s the matter ?
in this house lives a man who despises all that is good in you .
and if he fails at that , he will find other ways to kill you .
i overheard him and his plans .
this is no place for you ; this home is now a slaughterhouse .
hate it , fear it , do not come inside .
then where would you have me go , adam ?
it doesn ’ t matter where , so long as it ’ s not here .
what , would you have me beg for my food ?
this is all that ’ s left for me to do , but i won ’ t do it .
but don ’ t do that .
let me be your servant .
therefore , my old age is like a blustery winter : cold , but kindly .
let me go with you .
i ’ ll do everything a younger man could do for you .
go on , master , and i will follow you—with truth and loyalty to my last breath .
many men seek their fortune at seventeen ; at eighty , it ’ s a bit late .
but fortune could not reward me better than to let me die well , without owing my master anything .
oh lord , my spirits are tired !
i wouldn ’ t care about my spirits , if my legs weren ’ t tired .
i can ’ t go any further .
i ’ d rather bear with you than well , this is the forest of arden .
yes , now i ’ m in arden , and that makes me the bigger fool .
yes , be content , good touchstone .
look who ’ s coming : a young man and an old man , having a serious talk .
what , you dare put your hands on me , villain ?
i ’ m no villain .
you ’ ve only insulted yourself .
for the sake of your father ’ s memory , make peace .
let me go , i say .
i won ’ t until i ’ m ready .
you will listen to me .
my father instructed you in his will to give me a good education .
my father ’ s spirit is growing in me , and i won ’ t take this any longer .
and what are you going to do after you ’ ve spent your money ?
well , sir , go inside .
i ’ m not going to be bothered by you for long .
you ’ ll get some of what you want .
now please leave me alone .
what you ’ re doing is the way to make her scorn you continually .
oh , corin , i wish you could understand how much i love her !
i ’ m sure i can guess .
oh , a thousand of them , all of which i ’ ve forgotten .
oh , then you never loved as wholeheartedly as me .
o phoebe , phoebe , phoebe !
but everything that lives is mortal , including the foolishness of love .
you speak more wisely than you know .
and like mine , but i ’ m getting a little tired of it .
please , one of you go ask that man over there if we can buy some food off him .
he ’ s not your relative .
but i ’ m a hired hand : i don ’ t profit from the flocks i tend .
who wants to buy the flock and the pasture ?
that young man who was just here .
and we will raise your wages .
the thing is definitely going to be sold .
more , more , please , more .
it ’ s only going to make you sad , monsieur jaques .
i ’ m glad about that .
more , please , more .
i can suck sadness out of a song the way a weasel sucks eggs .
more , please , more .
i know i won ’ t please you .
come on , another stanza—is that what you call 'em , “ stanzas ” ?
nah , i don ’ t care what their
well then , if i ’ ve ever thanked a man , i ’ ll thank you now .
but two men complimenting each other is like two baboons getting together .
the duke will drink under this tree.—he ’ s been looking for you all day , you know .
and i ’ ve been avoiding him all day .
he ’ s too argumentative for me .
come , warble for me .
i wrote a verse to this tune , though it ’ s not very imaginative .
dear master , i can ’ t go any farther .
oh , i ’ m dying of hunger .
i ’ ll lie down here and measure out my grave .
hey , what ’ s this , adam ?
live a little , be comforted a little , cheer up a little .
you ’ re not as close to death as you think you are .
but if you die before i return , you ’ ll have made a mockery of my efforts .
you look happier already , and i ’ ll be back quickly .
but you ’ re lying out in the cold .
cheer up , good adam .
my lord , he just left here .
he was happy here , listening to a song .
tell him i want to speak with him .
he saved me the trouble : here he comes .
well , what ’ s going on , mister ?
what kind of life do you lead that your poor friends must beg for your company ?
what , you look amused .
this way , we can see how the world moves .
only an hour ago it was nine , and in another hour it will be eleven .
motley is the only thing to wear .
god bless my old master .
he would never have spoken to me like this .
is that how it ’ s going to be ?
are you starting to challenge me ?
did you call for me , your worship ?
wasn ’ t charles , the duke ’ s wrestler , here to speak with me ?
yes , sir , he ’ s here at the door right now and asks to see you .
i have a good plan .
like the wind , i must have the freedom to blast anyone i please , as fools do .
and whoever is most irritated by my foolishness has to laugh the hardest .
why , sir , must he ?
well , it ’ s as plain as the beaten path to a parish church .
dress me up in motley .
i know what you ’ d do .
what would i do besides good ?
who can say i mean just her when all her neighbors are exactly like her ?
and when some lowlife protests that stop , and eat no more .
but i haven ’ t eaten anything yet .
and you won ’ t until the needy eat .
what kind of fighting cock is this ?
are you acting so boldly from hardship or because you despise good manners ?
you were right the first time .
but stop , i say .
if you won ’ t listen to reason , i ’ ll have to die .
gentlemanly manners have more sway around here than force does .
i ’ m dying for food , so let me have some .
sit down and eat , and welcome to our table .
do you really speak like such a gentleman ?
i thought everything out here was wild , which is why i acted so stern and commanding .
there is a poor old man who , purely out of love , has limped after me for miles .
thank you , and god bless you for your hospitality .
you see , we ’ re not alone in our unhappiness .
the whole world is a stage , and all the men and women merely actors .
in the first act he is an infant , whimpering and puking in his nurse ’ s arms .
set the honorable old man down and let him eat .
i thank you very much on his behalf .
def combine ( targetfile ) :
target = open ( targetfile , ' a ' , encoding= '' utf-8 '' )
for root , dirs , files in os.walk ( cwd ) :
if os.path.splitext ( file ) [ 1 ] ! ='.txt ' :
f = open ( file , ' r ' , encoding= '' utf-8 '' )
if len ( line ) > 4 :
# filename = sys.argv [ 1 ]
# add_period ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_footnote ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_bracket ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_digits ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_brace ( filename , targetfile )
if __name__ == `` __main__ '' :
main ( ) time ’ s not the one in debt .
your logic is so foolish .
take it to your master and bring him home immediately .
every person i meet greets me like an old friend , and every one of them knows my name .
just now a tailor showed me fabrics he bought especially for me and then started to take my measurements .
these are tricks of the imagination , and this place is filled with magicians .
here ’ s the money you wanted , master .
who ’ s this adam you speak of ?
not the adam from the garden of eden , but the adam from the jailhouse .
i don ’ t know what you ’ re talking about .
are any ships leaving tonight ?
please , somebody , get us out of here !
good to see you , master antipholus .
i see you ’ ve met with the jeweler .
is that chain you ’ re wearing the one you promised to give to me ?
get away from me , satan !
don ’ t try to tempt me !
master , is this satan ’ s mistress ?
she ’ s the devil .
but fire also gives off light , and fire will burn you .
you and your servant are very funny , sir .
will you come with me ?
can we finish our lunch ?
master , if you eat with her , bring really long silverware .
some now listen , either give me my ring or give me the necklace .
i hope you ’ re not trying to cheat me .
come , dromio , let ’ s go .
mistress , you know about that .
antipholus has gone insane , no question about it .
now he won ’ t give me either .
his wife probably did it on purpose because she knows what kind of fits he ’ s having .
it ’ s my best option : i can ’ t afford to lose forty ducats .
i ’ ve spent five years in the remotest parts of greece and roaming all over asia .
however , i ’ ll do what i can for you .
i will allow you one day to look for help in ephesus .
don ’ t worry , man , i won ’ t try to escape .
i tell you , this will make her angry when she hears about it .
here ’ s my servant .
i think he ’ s got the money .
do you have what i told you to get ?
but where ’ s the money ?
why , sir , i spent it on this rope .
i can get you five hundred ropes for that price .
why did i just send you home ?
and here i am , with that piece .
and i ’ ll use that piece of rope to welcome you with .
good sir , calm down .
no , you should tell him to hold his hands !
i wish i were senseless , sir , so that i wouldn ’ t feel your punches !
the only thing you can sense are punches—just like an ass .
i am an ass , indeed : you can tell by my long ears .
i figure that once he ’ s crippled me , i ’ ll beg by showing off my beatings .
my wife ’ s coming .
mistress , think about your end—beware of your death !
ephesus now what do you think ?
your husband ’ s mad , isn ’ t he ?
he ’ s trembling in his fit !
i demand this in the name of all the saints in heaven .
shut up , you doddering old wizard !
i ’ m not possessed !
oh , i wish you weren ’ t , you poor , frightened soul .
listen , hussy—is this man one of your customers ?
you there , rogue , what do you have to say about that ?
i swear , sir , you did not eat at home .
my doors were locked and i was shut out , right ?
by god , your doors were locked and you were shut out .
and she screamed at me , right ?
no lie—she screamed at you .
and her cook yelled , mocked , and teased me , right ?
and i departed in a rage , right ?
i gave it to dromio , who rushed in for it .
you gave money to me ?
didn ’ t you go to her for a purse full of ducats ?
he did , and i gave it to him .
and i saw her do it .
i was sent for a rope !
mistress , both the man and his master are possessed .
i can tell by how pale and deathlike they look .
we must tie them up and leave them in some dark room .
my sweet husband , i did not lock you out .
and my sweet master , i received no gold .
but i agree , sir , that we were locked out .
keep him away from me !
the devil in him is strong !
jailer , i ’ m your prisoner .
are you going to let them break me out of jail ?
gentlemen , let go of him .
he ’ s my prisoner and you can ’ t have him .
tie up the servant , for he is mad as well .
he ’ s my prisoner .
if i let him go , i ’ ll have to pay his bail fees myself .
i ’ ll pay you .
take me to the man my husband is in debt to .
master , i ’ m all tied up for you .
the poor souls—how strangely they talk !
for a necklace your husband had him make .
he said he was going to buy me a necklace , but i never saw it .
i need to hear the truth about all this .
god have mercy on us !
and they ’ ve got their swords unsheathed !
let ’ s call for help and get them tied up again !
let ’ s get out of here !
they ’ ll kill us !
it looks like these witches are scared of swords .
the one who claims to be your wife just ran away from you .
i wish we were safely on board our ship already .
look , let ’ s stay here tonight .
you see how kind everyone is to us , how they just hand us gold .
i think this country is so kind that if it weren ’ t for
i wouldn ’ t stay here tonight for the entire town .
go and get our stuff onto the ship .
what ’ s this man ’ s reputation like here in the city ?
i ’ d trust him with everything i own .
and that necklace around his neck is the very one he swore he didn ’ t have !
good sir , stay close to me .
so , tell people that you ’ re from epidamnum–otherwise all your goods will be confiscated .
here ’ s the money you asked me to hold .
it ’ ll be lunchtime within an hour .
many men would take you literally and take off with all this money .
listen , will you walk with me around the town and then dine with me at the inn ?
i got it from you—i never said i didn ’ t .
yes , you did , sir .
who heard me do that ?
my own ears heard it , and you know it .
it ’ s a shame that you walk the streets with all the honest men .
you ’ re a villain to say this about me .
i do dare , and i say that you are the villain .
run , master , run .
for god ’ s sake , find a house to duck into .
this looks like an abbey .
go in , or we ’ re done for .
why have you come here in such a mob ?
to get my poor , mad husband out from inside there .
let us in so we can tie him up tight and bring him home to recover .
how long has he been possessed like this ?
this week he was sad , moody , and depressed and very different from his usual self .
but it wasn ’ t until this afternoon that he broke out into violence .
that ’ s a sin young men often commit because they allow their eyes to wander .
which of these bad things happened to him ?
you should have reprimanded him for that .
fine , but you weren ’ t harsh enough .
you scolded him in private ?
fine , but not enough .
he couldn ’ t eat without me talking about it .
all i ever did was tell him how hurtful and bad it was .
and that ’ s why he went crazy .
a jealous woman ’ s poisonous ranting is worse than the bite of a rabid dog .
you seasoned his food with screams .
fever , as we know , is a kind of madness .
ruining his meals , his enjoyment , and his sleep would drive any man or beast mad .
what i ’ m saying is , your jealousy has pushed your husband away from his sanity .
gentlemen , go in there and grab him .
then have your servants bring him out .
healing is part and parcel of my religious vows ; it is a charitable duty my order performs .
therefore , depart , and leave him here with me .
you ’ re not going to take him .
go lodge a complaint about this with the duke .
it ’ s almost five o'clock .
we will watch the execution .
kneel down to the duke before he passes by the abbey .
duke , the abbess has wronged me and i seek justice .
she ’ s a virtuous and holy lady .
she can ’ t possibly have done you any wrong .
your master and his servant are here .
mistress , i swear on my life that it ’ s true .
it was just moments ago .
oh , my , it ’ s my husband .
look , he can become invisible .
just now we put him in the abbey over here , and now he ’ s over there .
in exchange for the blood i shed for you then , i ask you for justice now .
the things she has shamelessly hurled on me are beyond imagination .
today , great duke , she locked me out of my house and feasted there with whores .
no , my good lord .
i ate with him and my sister .
damn my soul if these accusations are true !
my lord , i know what i ’ m saying .
he hadn ’ t arrived by the time we finished eating , so i went out looking for him .
i met him in the street—he was there with that man .
on the way , we came across my wife , her sister , and their gang of vile associates .
he pretended to be some kind of sorcerer , and he gazed in my eyes and took my pulse .
they left me and my servant there , tied together .
he did , my lord .
i never saw the necklace , so help me heaven !
why , what a complicated case this is !
right now , my pressing business calls me away .
i will go lose myself , wandering up and down throughout the city .
sir , i leave you to your own contentment .
he leaves me to my own contentment , but that ’ s the one thing i can not find .
in order to find a mother and a brother , i too have lost myself , unhappily .
how is it that you ’ ve come back so soon ?
too late is more like it .
ate at home , but the jeweler says he didn ’ t .
sir , he ate with this woman at the porcupine .
he did , and he snatched my ring right off my finger .
that ’ s true , my lord : i did get this ring from her .
did you see him enter this abbey ?
as clearly as i see you , my lord .
i think you ’ re all either bewildered or stark raving mad .
mighty duke , please allow me to say something .
i think i see a friend who will pay my bail and save my life .
i was bound to him an hour ago , sir , but thankfully he chewed through our ropes .
now i ’ m dromio and no longer attached to him .
i ’ m sure you both remember me .
you ’ re not one of pinch ’ s patients , are you , sir ?
why are you looking at me so strangely ?
i never saw you before in my life .
oh , grief has transformed me since the last time you saw me .
but tell me this : don ’ t you know my voice ?
don ’ t you , dromio ?
no sir , trust me , i do not .
you don ’ t know my voice ?
all these aging faculties tell me—and i can not be wrong—that you are my son , antipholus .
i never saw my father in my life .
you know that we parted only seven years ago , in syracuse .
your old age and the prospect of death are making you imagine things .
mighty duke , look here and see a man who ’ s been treated most terribly !
either my eyes deceive me , or i see two husbands .
i , sir , am dromio .
command this man to leave .
i , sir , am dromio .
pray , let me stay .
oh , my old master ! —who tied him up ?
oh , if you are the same egeon , speak now , and speak to that same emilia !
if i ’ m not dreaming , you are emilia .
antipholus , aren ’ t you originally from corinth ?
wait , don ’ t stand next to each other .
i can ’ t tell who ’ s who .
i came from corinth , your highness .
and i came with him .
your renowned uncle , duke menaphon , the famous soldier , brought me here .
which of you two ate lunch with me today ?
i did , kind lady .
and you ’ re my husband , right ?
that ’ s the necklace i gave you , sir .
i think it is , sir .
i don ’ t deny it .
and you , sir , had me arrested over that necklace .
i think i did , sir .
i don ’ t deny it .
no , he didn ’ t get any by me .
i got this purse full of money from you , and my dromio brought it to me .
i want to use this money to set my father free .
that ’ s not necessary .
i ’ m going to let him live .
sir , i must get that diamond ring back from you .
there , take it , and thanks for taking such good care of me .
after such a long period of grief , we will have such a celebration !
with all my heart , i ’ ll join you .
dromio , what stuff of mine did you put on a ship ?
the stuff you had at the centaur , sir .
i ’ m your master , dromio .
i guess now she ’ s going to be my sister-in-law and not my wife .
i think you ’ re my mirror , not my brother .
do you want to go in and join the party ?
you ’ re older than me .
that ’ s a good point .
how can we tell which of us is the oldest ?
we ’ ll draw straws .
answer me this , please : where ’ s the money i gave you ?
oh , the sixpence you gave me last wednesday to buy leather goods for my mistress ?
the saddle maker has it , sir—i didn ’ t keep it .
i ’ m not in a joking mood .
tell me right now and stop fooling : where ’ s the money ?
we ’ re strangers here .
please , sir ; crack jokes over lunch .
that ’ s enough , dromio , please .
this isn ’ t a good moment for jokes—save them till a happier time .
where ’ s the gold i gave you ?
you didn ’ t give me any gold .
tell me what you ’ ve done with the money i entrusted to you .
my mistress and her sister are waiting for you .
your mistress ’ s marks ?
what mistress do you have ?
what , are you going to mock me to my face when i told you not to ?
there , take that , you scoundrel !
stop , for god ’ s sake !
well , if you don ’ t , then i ’ m out of here .
i swear , somehow the fool has been cheated out of all my money .
neither my husband nor the slave has returned , even though i sent the slave off running .
surely , luciana , it ’ s already two o'clock .
maybe some merchant at the marketplace invited him home for lunch .
sister , let ’ s eat and stop worrying .
if this is so , be patient , sister .
why should men be more free than women ?
because their business lies outside the home .
why , too much freedom leads to woe .
therefore , you should obey their wishes .
it ’ s this servantlike mentality that ’ s keeping you unmarried .
no , that ’ s not it—it ’ s because of what happens in the marriage bed .
but if you were married , you ’ d wield some influence .
before i learn how to love , i ’ ll learn how to follow orders .
what if your husband strays elsewhere ?
i ’ d endure it until he came home again .
now that ’ s patience !
no wonder she ’ s waiting to get married .
but if you live to see yourself similarly denied your rights , this foolish patience will abandon you .
well , i ’ ll get married one day , just to see .
tell me , is your tardy master close at hand ?
do you know his plans ?
but please , tell me : is he coming home ?
it seems he has taken great care to please his wife .
why , mistress , my master is as angry as a bull with horns .
i don ’ t mean he ’ s
my mistress , ” i said .
go back again , slave , and bring him home .
go back again , to be beaten home again ?
for god ’ s sake , send somebody else .
go back , slave , or i ’ ll knock you one across the head .
get out of here , you blathering peasant !
you kick me out , he kicks me back .
you have impatience all over your face .
has homely old age taken the alluring beauty from my poor cheeks ?
have i lost my wit ?
one smile from him would repair my decayed beauty .
i am nothing but a poor , used fool .
drive it out of you .
i know his eyes are worshiping some other woman , or why wouldn ’ t he be here ?
sister , you know he promised to give me a necklace .
i would gladly do without that if he would only stay faithful to me .
even the best jewel can be tarnished .
and no man with a reputation will tarnish that name with lies and bad behavior .
how many infatuated people go mad with jealousy !
give me the death sentence and end all my troubles .
therefore , by law , you are condemned to die .
i haven ’ t spoken to him since i sent him away from the marketplace earlier .
are you over your ridiculous mood ?
you never heard of the centaur ?
you weren ’ t given any gold ?
your mistress sent for me to come to dinner ?
the phoenix is my house ?
were you mad when you spoke to me so madly ?
when did i say all that ?
i haven ’ t seen you since you sent me to the centaur with the gold you gave me .
and i hope you realized i wasn ’ t very happy about it .
i ’ m glad to see you in such a merry mood .
but what ’ s the joke ?
please , master , tell me .
what , are you mocking me to my face ?
take that , and that !
stop , sir , for god ’ s sake !
now this joke has turned serious .
why are you doing this ?
you call it my “ don ’ t you know ?
should i tell you why ?
because you gave me something for nothing .
next time i ’ ll give you nothing for something .
well , then it will be dry .
if it is , i suggest you don ’ t eat it .
because it will make you angry , and that will get me another beating .
well , learn to make jokes at the appropriate time .
there ’ s a time for all things .
before you got so angry , i never would have thought that .
let ’ s hear it .
why is time so cheap about giving out hair ?
but a lot of men have more hair than intelligence .
so then , you must think that hairy men are honest and simpleminded .
and good ones , too .
not good ones , please .
no , not sure ones when we ’ re talking about something unsure .
you were supposed to be proving that there isn ’ t time for everything .
how is it , my husband—oh , how is it—that you have become a stranger to yourself ?
ah , don ’ t tear yourself away from me !
i don ’ t know you .
why are you treating my sister like this ?
she sent dromio to bring you home for lunch .
did you talk with this woman ?
what kind of scheme do you have going together ?
i never saw her till now .
you said those exact things to me back in the marketplace .
i never talked with her in my life .
what , was i married to her in a dream ?
or am i asleep now and imagining all this ?
what is making our eyes and ears act so strangely ?
until i know for sure , i ’ ll humor her .
dromio , tell the servants to prepare for lunch .
oh , i wish i had my rosary !
i ’ ll cross myself .
this must be some kind of fairyland .
oh , spite of spites !
why are you mumbling to yourself instead of answering the order i gave you ?
dromio , you drone , you snail , you slug , you idiot !
i ’ ve been transformed somehow , haven ’ t i , master ?
no , master , i ’ ve been changed in both mind and body .
come , husband , let ’ s go to lunch .
am i on earth , in heaven , or in hell ?
master , should i watch the door ?
yes , and don ’ t let anyone come in , or else i ’ ll break your head .
well , syracusian , tell us–briefly–why you left your hometown and came to ephesus .
and yet i would have made her happy had our luck not been so bad .
in the same hour , and in the same inn , a poor woman also delivered identical twin boys .
too quickly , we boarded a ship .
signior angelo , please excuse us .
say what you want , but i know what i know .
i think you ’ re an ass .
signior balthasar , you look upset .
your delicacies aren ’ t worth as much to me as your welcome is .
good food ’ s not a big deal—everyone can afford that .
and everyone can say “ welcome , ” which is just a word .
a little food and a huge welcome makes a joyous feast .
sure , to a cheap host and an even cheaper guest .
but look , even if my dishes are poor , eat them with my best wishes .
you may come across better food , but not a warmer welcome .
maud , bridget , marian , ciceley , gillian , ginn !
my master is standing out in the street !
who ’ s in there ?
hey , open the door !
so i can eat lunch .
i haven ’ t eaten today .
who do you think you are , keeping me out of my own house ?
you ’ ve stolen both my job and my name !
oh , lord , this makes me laugh !
i ’ ll come at you with the old proverb : “ should i make myself at home ? ”
listen up , you slave .
are you going to let us in ?
come , help me bang on the door , master .
we answered them , blow for blow .
you good-for-nothing , let me in .
master , knock hard upon the door .
if i break the door down , slave , you ’ ll be sorry for this .
is that you , wife ?
you could have come sooner .
if she punishes you , master , she ’ s sure to punish me .
we argued about which was best , and now we won ’ t get either one .
and if your clothes were as thin as mine , you ’ d really feel the air .
the food inside is warm , but you ’ re out here freezing .
it would make any man as mad as a bull to be betrayed like this .
go get me something i can use to break down the door .
i ’ ve had enough of this “ off with you ! ” come on , let me in !
well , i ’ m going to break in .
go get me a crow .
master , do you really mean that ?
don ’ t do this !
all this suggests that she has a good reason for doing this to you .
you ’ re right—i ’ ll go quietly .
and even though i ’ m in a distasteful mood , i ’ ll work on being happy .
i know a terrific wench .
we ’ ll eat at her place .
i swear to her that i haven ’ t , but it doesn ’ t change anything .
i ’ ll meet you there in an hour .
this little prank of hers is going to cost me .
is the building of your love already in ruins ?
what foolish thief brags about his crimes ?
we follow in your orbit , and you have the power to move us .
so , my sweet brother-in-law , go inside .
wise and graceful as the earth is wonderful and divine .
teach me how i should think and speak .
are you trying to remake me ?
go ahead , i ’ ll yield to your power .
but if i am myself , then i know for sure that your weeping sister is not my wife .
i don ’ t owe her any duty—it ’ s you that i submit to .
are you insane , talking like this ?
your eyes are playing tricks on you .
that ’ s because you are near me , and you ’ re as dazzling as the sun .
why are you calling me “ love ” ?
your sister ’ s sister .
that ’ s my sister .
my sister is all those things , or else she should be .
call yourself your own sister , because i want you .
oh , wait , sir .
i ’ ll go get my sister and see what she thinks .
what ’ s going on , dromio ?
where are you running so fast ?
it carried us toward corinth–or so we thought .
but before they reached us–let me say no more !
you are dromio , you are my servant , and you are yourself .
what woman ’ s servant ?
what do you mean , beside yourself ?
how does she claim to own you ?
i don ’ t mean that she wants me because what ’ s she like ?
even if she lives till the end of the world , she ’ d keep burning an additional week .
what ’ s her skin like ?
it ’ s dark , like my shoe .
some water will fix that .
no , it ’ s permanent .
what ’ s her name ?
she ’ s round , like a globe .
what part of her body is ireland ?
honestly , i didn ’ t see it , but i felt it in her hot breath .
where ’ s america and the west indies ?
oh , sir , on her nose , which is covered with pimples , sores , and red welts .
if a ship ’ s leaving , come to the marketplace .
that means it ’ s high time for me to go .
that woman who claims i am her husband—i loathe her in my soul .
i ’ d better stop up my ears against this siren ’ s song .
i know that , sir .
look , here ’ s the necklace .
what do you want me to do with this ?
whatever you want—i made it for you .
i didn ’ t order it .
you did—not just once or twice , but twenty times .
you ’ re a funny man , sir .
i don ’ t know what to think about this .
i ’ ll go wait for dromio at the marketplace .
if any ships are sailing , i ’ ll get right on one .
antipholus owes me the exact amount that i owe you .
at five o'clock he ’ s going to pay me for it .
please , come to his house with me .
the total due is about three ducats more than i owe this gentleman .
please , pay him immediately .
i don ’ t have the cash right now .
besides , i have some business to take care of in town .
so you ’ ll bring the necklace to her yourself ?
all right , sir , i will .
do you have it with you ?
listen , please , give me the necklace .
you ’ re using this as an excuse for not showing up at the porcupine like you promised .
i should have reprimanded you then for not bringing it , but you started fighting with me first .
it ’ s getting late .
please , sir , hurry up .
antipholus , you hear how the man pleads with me .
give it to my wife , and get your money .
you know i gave it to you just now .
send the necklace to her , or send me with a token that will authorize her to pay me .
damn it , this isn ’ t funny .
where ’ s the necklace ?
what should i pay you ?
the money you owe me for the necklace .
i owe you nothing until i receive the necklace .
you know that i gave it to you a half hour ago .
you wrong me even more , sir , by denying it .
consider how poorly this reflects on me .
pay for something i never got ?
go ahead , you fool .
arrest me if you dare .
i would have my own brother arrested if he treated me so terribly .
you ’ re under arrest , sir .
i ’ ll obey you until i can make bail .
sir , the laws of ephesus will be on my side , and you ’ ll be embarrassed .
no , keep going , old man ; don ’ t stop like that .
for we may take pity on you , even if we can ’ t pardon you .
had the gods taken pity on us , i wouldn ’ t be here calling them merciless .
you annoying idiot , what epidamnum ship is waiting for me ?
a ship you sent me to find , to book passage out of here .
yeah , right—you sent me to get whipped .
you sent me to the port to find a ship .
go to adriana , you scoundrel , and quickly .
have her send it to me .
tell her that i ’ ve been arrested and the money will be my bail .
where that “ sweetheart ” said i was her husband !
she ’ s too much for me to handle .
but i must go there , against my will : servants must fulfill their masters ' wishes .
oh , luciana , did he tempt you like that ?
first , he said you had no right to him .
he meant he did nothing right for me—which is true , unfortunately .
then he swore he was a stranger here .
and that ’ s true—he then i pleaded for you .
and what did he say ?
that he felt for me the love that i begged him to feel for you .
how did he try to persuade you to love him ?
have some patience , please .
then why be jealous of a person like that ?
when an evil thing has been lost , no one cries .
my heart adores him , even though my tongue curses him .
how did you lose your breath ?
where ’ s your master , dromio ?
no , he ’ s in a place worse than hell .
a backbiting friend , one who grabs people , who patrols the streets and passageways .
speak , man , what ’ s the matter ?
tell me , who had him arrested ?
how could he be in debt without me knowing it ?
don ’ t you hear it ring ?
no , no , the bell .
it ’ s time for me to go .
it was two o'clock when i left him , and now it ’ s one .
i ’ ve never heard of that .
no , not me , sir .
in that case i wish you were as good a man as a fish seller .
only one man in ten thousand is good in this world .
that ’ s definitely true , my lord .
i do indeed , my lord .
then by all means never let her walk in public .
procreation is a good thing , but if your daughter gets pregnant … look out , friend .
and what is the subject ?
i mean , what do the words say ?
oh , just lies , sir .
well , that ’ s certainly out of this world , all right .
you ’ re looking for lord hamlet .
he ’ s right over there .
ah , my good old friends !
how are you , guildenstern ?
boys , how are you both doing ?
happy that we ’ re not too happy , lucky in being not too lucky .
but you ’ re not down and out , either , are you ?
so you ’ re around lady luck ’ s waist ?
yes , we ’ re the privates in her army .
anyway , what ’ s up ?
but you ’ re wrong .
let me ask you a particular question .
what crimes have you committed to be sent here to this prison ?
denmark ’ s a prison .
then i guess the whole world is one .
yes , quite a large one , with many cells and dungeons , denmark being one of the worst .
we don ’ t think so , my lord .
and to me , denmark is a prison .
that must be because you ’ re so ambitious .
it ’ s too small for your large mind .
dreams are a sign of ambition , since ambition is nothing more than the shadow of a dream .
but a dream itself is just a shadow .
or was it just your whim , on your own initiative ?
what should we say , my lord ?
i know the king and queen sent for you .
why would they do that , my lord ?
that ’ s what i want you to tell me .
my lord , we were sent for .
is something about to happen that warrants working this night and day ?
who can explain this to me ?
or at least i can describe the rumors .
so why did you laugh when i said that men don ’ t interest me ?
the one who plays the part of the king will be particularly welcome .
the tragic actors from the city , the ones you used to enjoy so much .
what are they doing on the road ?
they made more money and got more attention in the city .
but things have changed there , and it ’ s easier for them on the road now .
are they as popular as they used to be when i lived in the city ?
do they attract big audiences ?
no , not like before .
no , they ’ re busy and as excellent as ever .
what , you mean kid actors ?
who takes care of them ?
will they stop working when their voices mature ?
there ’ s been a whole debate on the topic .
oh , there ’ s been a lot of quarreling .
and the boys are winning so far ?
actually , it ’ s not so unusual when you think about it .
there ’ s something downright unnatural about it , if a philosopher stopped to think about it .
gentlemen , welcome to elsinore .
don ’ t be shy—shake hands with me .
you are very welcome here .
but still , my uncle-father and aunt-mother have got the wrong idea .
in what sense , my lord ?
i ’ m only crazy sometimes .
at other times , i know what ’ s what .
gentlemen , i hope you are well .
listen , guildenstern , and you too , rosencrantz—listen as close as you can !
yes , the second time around , since , as they say , old people become children again .
my lord , i have news for you .
my lord , i have news for you .
when roscius was an actor in ancient rome — the actors have arrived , my lord .
i swear— —each actor arrived on his ass .
well , aren ’ t i right , jephthah , old man ?
what is logical , then , my lord ?
welcome , welcome to all of you .
which speech , my lord ?
i loved one speech in particular .
this speech is going on too long .
we ’ ll have the barber trim it later , along with your beard .
the muffled queen ” is good .
look how flushed the actor is , with tears in his eyes .
my lord , i will give them all they deserve .
good heavens , man , give them more than that !
treat them with honor and dignity .
the less they deserve , the more your generosity is worth .
we ’ ll watch a whole play tomorrow .
then we ’ ll see that tomorrow night .
follow that gentleman now , and be careful not to make fun of him .
my good friends , i ’ ll see you tomorrow .
now i ’ m alone .
oh , what a mean low-life i am !
the ghost is definitely something to worry about .
i ’ ll meet it if it ’ s the last thing i do .
if you have a voice or can make sounds , speak to me .
call me the worst liar ?
remorseless , treacherous , sex-obsessed , unnatural villain !
what an ass i am .
murder has no tongue , but miraculously it still finds a way to speak .
if he becomes pale , i know what to do .
i need better evidence than the ghost to work with .
the play ’ s the thing to uncover the conscience of the king .
did he treat you well when you saw him ?
yes , in a very gentlemanly way .
he didn ’ t ask questions , but answered ours at length .
madam , some actors happened to cross our paths on the way here .
it ’ s true , and he asked me to beg you both to attend .
it makes me very happy to hear he ’ s so interested .
gentlemen , please try to sharpen his interest even more , and let this play do him some good .
we will , my lord .
yes , i ’ ll go .
i hope so too , madam .
ophelia , come here.— i hear him coming .
quick , let ’ s hide , my lord .
to die , to sleep—to sleep , maybe to dream .
that ’ s the consideration that makes us stretch out our sufferings so long .
but hello , my lord , how have you been doing lately ?
very well , thank you .
well , well , well .
ha ha , are you good ?
my lord , what are you talking about ?
but could beauty be related to anything better than goodness ?
this used to be a great puzzle , but now i ’ ve solved it .
i used to love you .
you certainly made me believe you did , my lord .
i didn ’ t love you .
then i guess i was misled .
why should people like me be crawling around between earth and heaven ?
every one of us is a criminal .
don ’ t believe any of us .
where ’ s your father ?
he ’ s at home , my lord .
lock him in , so he can play the fool in his own home only .
oh , dear god , please help him !
get yourself to a convent , at once .
dear god , please make him normal again !
i ’ ve heard all about you women and your cosmetics too .
god gives you one face , but you paint another on top of it .
come on , i won ’ t stand for it anymore .
it ’ s driven me crazy .
i hereby declare we will have no more marriage .
whoever is already married ( except one person i know ) will stay married—all but one person .
everyone else will have to stay single .
get yourself to a convent , fast .
his feelings don ’ t move in that direction .
what do you think of this plan ?
but i still believe that his madness was caused by unrequited love.—hello , ophelia .
you don ’ t have to tell us what lord hamlet said .
i ’ ll hide and listen in .
that ’ s how we ’ ll do it , then .
keep it from leaving , marcellus .
should i strike it with my spear ?
yes , if it doesn ’ t stand still .
it ’ s over here .
it was about to say something when the rooster crowed .
perform the speech just as i taught you , musically and smoothly .
i would whip a guy for making a tyrant sound too tyrannical .
but don ’ t be too tame , either—let your good sense guide you .
i hope we ’ ve corrected that fault pretty well in our company , sir .
oh , correct it completely .
yes , he will , and the queen as well .
tell the actors to hurry .
will you two help them get ready ?
well , hello there , horatio !
here i am at your service , my dear lord .
horatio , you ’ re the best man i ’ ve ever known .
oh , sir— don ’ t think i ’ m flattering you .
why would anyone flatter a poor person ?
no , keep flattery for kissing the hands of those who can pay well .
i can ’ t talk now .
so how ’ s my nephew hamlet doing ?
i eat the air , like chameleons do .
i ’ m positively stuffed with air , i eat so much of it .
i have no idea what you ’ re talking about , hamlet .
you ’ re not answering my question .
indeed i did , my lord .
what role did you play ?
i was killed in the capitol .
they ’ re ready whenever you are .
no thanks , my good mother .
there ’ s a nicer piece of work right here .
my lady , should i lie in your lap ?
i mean , with my head in your lap ?
did you think i was talking about sex ?
what is , my lord ?
you ’ re in a good mood tonight , my lord .
oh god—who is , by the way , the best comic of them all .
what can you do but be happy ?
look how cheerful my mother is , only two hours after my father died .
no , my lord , it ’ s been four months .
i ’ ll get myself a fur-trimmed suit .
this means we ’ re having some mischievous fun .
this pantomime was probably a summary of the play .
this guy will tell us everything .
actors can ’ t keep a secret .
they ’ ll tell all .
will he tell us what that pantomime meant ?
sure , or anything else you show him .
i ’ m watching the play .
was that the prologue or the inscription on some wedding ring ?
it was a bit short , my lord .
yes , as short as a woman ’ s love .
madam , how are you liking this play ?
the lady ’ s overdoing it , i think .
oh , but she ’ ll keep her word .
is there anything offensive in it ?
what ’ s the play called ?
yes , it faded away when the rooster crowed .
we ’ re all waiting for the revenge !
the original story was written in the finest italian .
you ’ ll see shortly how the murderer wins the love of gonzago ’ s wife .
the king is getting up .
what—is he scared of a gun that only fired a blank ?
my lord , how are you feeling ?
get me out of here !
lights , lights , get us some lights !
no , a whole share for me .
yes , i did , my lord .
when the actors were talking about poison ?
i watched him very closely .
hey , let ’ s have some music here !
my lord , could i have a word with you ?
you can have a whole story , not just a word .
sir , the king— yes , what about him ?
he ’ s in his chambers now , and he ’ s extremely upset .
i ’ ll be good , sir .
the queen your mother is upset , and sent me to see you .
it ’ s lovely to see you .
no , my lord , your polite words are not to the point .
if you could please stop fooling around , i ’ ll tell you what your mother wants .
if not , i ’ ll leave you alone and that ’ ll be the end of my business .
sir , i can ’ t .
can ’ t what , my lord ?
okay , to the point .
oh , what a wonderful son , i can impress my mother !
but what ’ s the upshot of her admiration ?
she wants to have a word with you in her bedroom before you go to bed .
i ’ d obey even if she were my mother ten times over .
is there anything else i can do for you ?
my lord , you used to like me .
and still do , i swear by my hands .
my lord , what ’ s wrong with you ?
sir , i have no future ahead of me .
i don ’ t really understand what you mean .
will you play this recorder ?
i can ’ t , my lord .
i ’ m serious , i can ’ t .
i ’ m begging you .
i have no idea how .
oh , it ’ s as easy as lying .
but i can ’ t play a melody .
i don ’ t know how .
my god , do you think i ’ m easier to manipulate than a pipe ?
you can push my buttons , but you can ’ t play me for a fool .
hello and god bless you , sir .
my lord , the queen wants to speak with you right away .
do you see that cloud up there that looks like a camel ?
by god , it does look like a camel .
to me it looks like a weasel .
it does have a back like a weasel ’ s .
yes , very much like a whale .
i ’ ll go see my mother soon .
i ’ ll tell her .
i could drink hot blood and do such terrible deeds that people would tremble even in the daylight .
and so , my words and thoughts will be at odds .
i ’ m sending you to england on diplomatic business , and hamlet will go with you .
as king , i can not risk the danger he represents as he grows crazier by the hour .
we ’ ll take care of it .
whenever a king sighs , everyone groans .
prepare yourself , please , for this trip .
we ’ ll put a leash on this danger that ’ s now running wild .
my lord , hamlet ’ s going to his mother ’ s room .
i ’ ll hide behind the tapestry to hear what they say .
i bet she ’ ll chew him out .
i ’ ll stop by before you go to bed , and tell you what i ’ ve heard .
thanks , my dear lord .
can a person be forgiven and still keep the fruits of his crime ?
what is there left to do ?
but it can ’ t help either !
my heart ’ s as black as death .
c ’ mon , make an effort .
i could do it easily now .
he ’ s praying now .
and now i ’ ll do it .
he ’ ll come right away .
i ’ ll be right here , silent .
have you forgotten who i am ?
what are you going to do ?
you won ’ t kill me , will you ?
what is it , laertes ?
what would you like , laertes ?
please , let me go .
i have to go to england , don ’ t you know that ?
oh , this is terrible !
his wildness is a threat to all of us—to you , to me , to everyone .
i ’ ve gotten it dirty—ashes to ashes , and dust to dust .
besides , you ’ re a sponge !
you think i ’ m a sponge , my lord ?
i ’ m glad about that .
a thing of no importance .
how dangerous to have this madman on the loose !
but a terminal disease requires extreme treatment , or nothing at all .
what do you mean by that ?
so get ready to leave .
don ’ t waste any time .
i ’ ll tell him , my lord .
is he attacking the heartland of poland or some frontier ?
in the end i grudgingly consented .
i hereby grant your request , and hope you have a good time .
so why does it seem so particular to you ?
so then the poles won ’ t be willing to defend it .
i have the motivation , the willpower , the ability , and the means to do it .
i won ’ t speak to her .
in fact , she ’ s crazed .
may god be at your table .
good night , ladies , good night , sweet ladies , good night , good night .
where ’ s this so-called king ?
let him go , gertrude .
where ’ s my father ?
don ’ t mess with me .
only my free will—nothing else .
do you want to know who they are , then ?
what ’ s that noise ?
it ’ s not manly .
and you ’ re right to do so .
please , come with me .
who are the people who want to speak with me ?
they say they have letters for you .
may he bless you , too .
he will , sir , if he wants to .
i have a lot to tell you about them .
i didn ’ t see them .
laertes , i want you to hear what they say .
do you recognize the handwriting ?
naked , ” he says .
that ’ ll be fine .
what quality is that , my lord ?
yes , that ’ s the one .
he ’ s his homeland ’ s jewel .
that ’ s the right answer—it shows your love .
but wait , what ’ s that sound ?
let ’ s follow him , gertrude .
let ’ s follow him .
here ’ s the water , right ?
is that how the law sees it ?
the coroner ’ s inquest law .
do you want to know the truth ?
well there , now you ’ ve said it .
they keep up adam ’ s profession .
what , aren ’ t you a christian ?
i ’ ll ask you another question .
if you can ’ t answer it— go ahead !
ah , i ’ ve got it !
now go and get me some booze .
could that be a lawyer ’ s skull ?
no more than that , my lord .
yes , my lord , and calfskin too .
it ’ s mine , sir .
for no man , sir .
how literal this guy is !
you don ’ t know that ?
he ’ ll recover his sanity there .
what do you mean , “ in a strange way ” ?
how long will a man lie in his grave before he starts to rot ?
a leathermaker will last nine years .
i really don ’ t know .
are you sad about that ?
horatio , tell me something .
oh god , do i have to remember that ?
that ’ s not good , and no good can come of it either .
nice to see you again , horatio—that is your name , right ?
that ’ s me , sir .
i ’ ll change that name for you .
what ’ s that , my lord ?
do you think alexander the great looked like this when he was buried ?
and smelled like that , too ?
just as bad , my lord .
how low we can fall , horatio .
if you thought that you ’ d be thinking too much .
no , not at all .
oh , to think that the same body that once ruled the world could now patch up a wall !
but quiet , be quiet a minute .
here comes the king , the queen , and the noblemen of court .
let ’ s stay and watch a while .
what other rites are you going to give her ?
she deserves to have rocks and stones thrown on her body .
isn ’ t there any other rite you can perform ?
lay her in the ground , and let violets bloom from her lovely and pure flesh !
sweet flowers for a sweet girl .
hold off burying her until i ’ ve caught her in my arms once more .
that ’ s no way to pray .
oh , my son , what issue is that ?
forty thousand brothers , if you added all their love together , couldn ’ t match mine .
what are you going to do for her ?
oh , he ’ s crazy , laertes !
for the love of god , be patient with him .
damn it , show me what you ’ re going to do for her .
i ’ ll do all that .
and if you rattle on about mountains , then let them throw millions of acres over us .
he ’ ll be like this for a little while .
then he ’ ll be as calm and quiet as a dove waiting for her eggs to hatch .
but it doesn ’ t matter .
please , horatio , go with him .
no , who are long live the king !
yes , it ’ s me .
you ’ ve come right on time .
the clock ’ s just striking twelve .
go home to bed , francisco .
thanks for letting me go .
it ’ s bitterly cold out , and i ’ m depressed .
has it been a quiet night ?
i haven ’ t even heard a mouse squeak .
i think i hear them .
that ’ s enough about that .
now i ’ ll tell you the other story about my journey .
do you remember the circumstances ?
how could i forget , my lord !
there was a kind of war in my brain that wouldn ’ t let me sleep .
it was worse than being a captive in chains .
yes , please tell me .
do you want to know what i wrote ?
the next day we had our fight at sea , and you know what happened after that .
so rosencrantz and guildenstern are in for it .
man , they were asking for it .
i don ’ t feel guilty about them at all .
they got what they deserved .
it ’ s always dangerous when little people get caught in the crossfire of mighty opponents .
what a king claudius is !
isn ’ t it completely moral to kill him now with this sword—and an easy conscience ?
and wouldn ’ t i be damned if i let this monster live to do more harm ?
he ’ ll find out soon what happened in england .
but i have the meantime .
i ’ ll be nice to him .
it was just that the showiness of his grief sent me into a fury .
hang on a minute—who are you ?
welcome back to denmark , my lord .
thank you kindly , sir .
my lord , if you have a free moment , i have a message from his majesty .
no thank you , my lord .
it ’ s very hot .
it is rather cold , indeed , my lord .
and yet i feel it ’ s very hot and humid , which is bad for my complexion .
yes indeed it is , sir .
very humid , i can ’ t tell you how humid it is .
i felt like skipping school , sir .
i know you ’ d never skip school .
what are you doing here in elsinore ?
i ’ ll teach you to drink hard by the time you leave .
sir , we came to see your father ’ s funeral .
please , don ’ t make fun of me .
i think you came to see my mother ’ s wedding instead .
well , sir , it ’ s true it came soon after .
the leftovers from the funeral dinner made a convenient wedding banquet .
my father—i think i see my father .
in my imagination , horatio .
he was an admirable king .
he was a great human being .
he was perfect in everything .
i ’ ll never see the likes of him again .
you speak absolutely correctly , sir .
and what ’ s the point , sir ?
why are we talking about him like this ?
i know you know something— thanks for the compliment , i ’ m happy you know that .
but in fact it doesn ’ t say much .
i ’ m sorry , you were saying ?
i know you know something about how excellent laertes is—
i can ’ t admit that , since you ’ d have to compare his excellence to mine .
excellent in fencing , i mean , sir .
the rapier and the dagger .
those are only two of his weapons .
three of the carriages are very imaginatively designed , and they match the fencing accessories .
what do you mean by “ carriages ” ?
the carriages , sir , are the hangers—where the swords hang .
carriage ” makes it sound like it ’ s pulling around a cannon .
i prefer to call it a “ hanger. ” but anyway .
why has all this been put on the table ?
but what if my answer ’ s no ?
it ’ s my exercise time .
my services are at your command .
it ’ s a good thing he ’ s here to recommend himself .
he used to praise his mother ’ s nipple before he sucked it .
the king wishes to know if you want to play against him right away , or wait awhile .
i ’ ll do whatever the king wants .
if he ’ s ready now , so am i .
otherwise , i ’ ll do it anytime , as long as i ’ m able .
the king and queen are coming down with everyone else .
the queen wants you to chat with laertes—politely—before you begin your match .
she ’ s full of good advice .
you ’ re going to lose this bet , my lord .
i don ’ t think so .
i ’ ve been practicing fencing constantly since he went off to france .
with the handicap they ’ ve given me , i think i ’ ll win .
but i have a sinking feeling anyway .
i ’ ll say you ’ re not feeling well .
you ’ ll do no such thing .
i thumb my nose at superstitions .
what ’ s important is to be prepared .
since nobody knows anything about what he leaves behind , then what does it mean to leave early ?
come shake hands with laertes , hamlet .
yes , hand me one too .
i ’ m going to make you look sharp , laertes .
you ’ re making fun of me .
no , i swear i ’ m not .
yes , my lord , quite well .
you ’ ve bet on the weaker fencer .
i ’ ve seen both of you fence .
but since laertes is better , we ’ ve given him a handicap .
put the goblets of wine on that table .
come on , my lord .
no , it wasn ’ t .
it was obviously a hit .
well , let ’ s go on .
give me a goblet.—hamlet , this pearl ’ s yours .
here ’ s to your health .
you got me , i admit it .
he ’ s flabby and out of breath.—here , hamlet , take my handkerchief and wipe your forehead .
the queen drinks to your good luck and happiness , hamlet .
gertrude , don ’ t drink that .
i ’ ll drink it if i like .
i ’ d better not drink now .
i ’ ll drink later .
come on , let me wipe your face .
get ready for the third hit , laertes .
you ’ re just playing around .
come on , give me your best shot .
i sense you ’ re treating me like a child .
they ’ re overdoing it .
no , come on , one more time .
take care of the queen !
both fencers are bleeding—how do you feel , my lord ?
how do you feel , laertes ?
like a mouse caught in my own trap , osric .
how ’ s the queen ?
she fainted at the sight of them bleeding .
the drink , the drink !
i ’ ve been poisoned .
we ’ ve been betrayed !
find out who did it !
i ’ m the one , hamlet .
hamlet , you ’ re dead .
no medicine in the world can cure you .
you don ’ t have more than half an hour to live .
the treacherous weapon is right in your hand , sharp and dipped in poison .
the foul plan backfired on me .
here i lie and will never get up again .
your mother ’ s been poisoned .
i can ’ t speak anymore .
the king , the king ’ s to blame .
then get to work , poison !
sir , i think i saw him last night .
the king my father ? !
just listen carefully while i tell you the amazing thing i saw , with these gentlemen as witnesses .
for god ’ s sake , let me hear it .
but where did this happen ?
protect me , my friends .
i ’ ve only been hurt , not killed .
here , you goddamn incest-breeding danish murderer , drink this .
is your little pearl in there ?
he got what he deserved .
he mixed that poison himself .
please forgive me as i forgive you , hamlet .
god will free you from blame .
i ’ m more like an ancient roman than a corrupt modern dane .
some of this liquor ’ s still left in the goblet .
please , give me that goblet , if you love me .
i ’ ll get it from you , i swear .
what are these warlike noises ?
young fortinbras , returning in triumph from poland , is firing his guns to greet the english ambassadors .
oh , i ’ m dying , horatio !
this strong poison ’ s overpowering me .
i will not live to hear the news from england .
but i bet fortinbras will win the election to the danish crown .
he ’ s got my vote as i die .
oh , oh , oh , oh .
what do i see here ?
what would you like to see ?
this is a horrible sight .
who will thank us now ?
as for me , i welcome my good luck with sadness .
let four captains carry hamlet like a soldier onto the stage .
military music and military rites will speak for his heroic qualities .
on the platform where we stand guard , sir .
didn ’ t you talk to it ?
i did , sir , but it didn ’ t answer me .
that ’ s very strange .
i swear to god it ’ s true , sir .
we thought you ought to know about it .
yes , i should know , but it disturbs me .
are you on duty again tonight ?
it was armed , you say ?
yes , from top to bottom , sir .
so you couldn ’ t see his face , then ?
oh , yes , we could , sir .
he had his helmet visor up .
was he pale or flushed and red-faced ?
did he stare at you ?
i wish i ’ d been there .
did it stay a long time ?
about as long as it would take someone to count slowly to a hundred .
no , longer than that .
not the time i saw it .
his beard was gray , right ?
it was just like in real life , dark brown with silver whiskers in it .
i ’ ll stand guard with you tonight .
maybe it ’ ll come again .
i ask you , if you ’ ve kept this a secret , keep doing so .
whatever happens tonight , don ’ t talk about it .
i ’ ll return the favor .
i ’ ll see you on the guards ' platform between eleven and twelve tonight .
we ’ ll do our duty to you , sir .
give me your love instead , as i give you mine .
my father ’ s ghost—armed !
i suspect some foul play .
i wish the night were here already !
until then , i have to remain calm .
bad deeds will be revealed , no matter how people try to hide them .
my belongings are on the ship already .
do you doubt i ’ ll write ?
it won ’ t last .
no more than a minute ?
just keep your love under control , and don ’ t let yourself become a target of his lust .
baby blooms are most susceptible to disease .
fear will keep you safe .
young people often lose their self-control even without any help from others .
i ’ ll keep your words of wisdom close to my heart .
don ’ t worry , i won ’ t .
i ’ ve been here too long .
you ’ re still here ?
shame on you—get on board !
the wind is filling your ship ’ s sail , and they ’ re waiting for you .
here , i give you my blessing again .
and just try to remember a few rules of life .
be friendly to people but don ’ t overdo it .
listen to many people , but talk to few .
hear everyone ’ s opinion , but reserve your judgment .
it ’ s locked away in my memory , and you ’ ve got the key .
what did he tell you , ophelia ?
what ’ s going on between you two ?
he ’ s offered me a lot of affection lately .
affection ! ” that ’ s nothing !
you ’ re talking like some innocent girl who doesn ’ t understand the ways of the world .
do you believe his “ offers , ” as you call them ?
i don ’ t know what to believe , father .
then i ’ ll tell you .
believe that you are a foolish little baby for believing these “ offers ” are something real .
and he ’ s made the holiest vows to me , to back up what he says .
these vows are just traps for stupid birds .
i know when a man is on fire , he ’ ll swear anything .
remember that hamlet is young and has a lot more freedom to fool around than you do .
i ’ ll do as you say , father .
and servants of the danish king .
good night to you both .
who ’ s taken over the watch for you ?
barnardo ’ s taken my place .
so , tell us , did you see that thing again tonight ?
i haven ’ t seen anything .
yes , it ’ s definitely nippy .
a little before twelve , i think .
no , it ’ s just after twelve ; i heard the clock strike .
i didn ’ t hear it .
so it ’ s nearly the time when the ghost likes to appear .
what does that mean , sir ?
other countries criticize us for our loud partying .
they call us drunks and insult our noble titles .
and our drunkenness does detract from our achievements , as great as they are , and lessens our reputations .
a tiny spot of evil casts doubt on their good qualities and ruins their reputations .
look , sir—here it comes !
oh angels , protect us !
where we quietly buried you , has opened up its heavy marble jaws to spit you out again .
it wants you to go off with it , as if it wants to tell you something alone .
look how politely it ’ s pointing you to a place that ’ s farther away .
but don ’ t go .
don ’ t do it , sir .
why , what ’ s the danger ?
look , it ’ s waving me over again .
i ’ ll follow it .
where it takes on some other horrible form that drives you insane .
it ’ s still waving to me .
you ’ re not going , sir .
you ’ re not going anywhere .
let me go , gentlemen .
i swear , if anyone holds me back , i ’ ll make a ghost of him !
his imagination is making him crazy .
let ’ s follow them .
it ’ s not right to obey his orders to let him go alone .
no , let ’ s follow him .
where are you taking me ?
the hour has almost come when i have to return to the horrible flames of purgatory .
i ’ m ready to hear you .
you must be ready for revenge , too , when you hear me out .
if i weren ’ t forbidden to tell you the secrets of
make your eyes jump out of their sockets , and your hair stand on end like porcupine quills .
but mortals like you aren ’ t allowed to hear this description of the afterlife .
if you ever loved your poor dear father— oh god !
take revenge for his horrible murder , that crime against nature .
murder ’ s always horrible , but this one was especially horrible , weird , and unnatural .
you ’ d have to be as lazy as a weed on the shores of i knew it !
oh , hamlet , how far she fell !
so let me be brief here .
oh , it ’ s horrible , horrible , so horrible !
if you are human , don ’ t stand for it .
don ’ t let the danish king ’ s bed be a nest of incest .
leave her to god and her own guilt .
the glowworm ’ s light is beginning to fade , so morning is near .
good-bye , good-bye , good-bye .
ah , all you up in heaven !
shall i include hell as well ?
keep beating , my heart , and muscles , don ’ t grow old yet—keep me standing .
yes , you poor ghost , as long as i have any power of memory in this distracted head .
oh , you evil woman !
oh , you villain , villain , you damned , smiling villain !
at least it ’ s possible in denmark .
he said , “ remember me. ” i swore i would .
lord hamlet.— please let him be all right !
i ’ m all right .
so how did it go , sir ?
oh , please , tell us , sir .
i swear i won ’ t , sir .
i won ’ t either , sir .
but you promise you can keep a secret ?
well , let ’ s sit down and listen to barnardo tell us .
it ’ s come again .
looking just like the dead king .
it wants us to speak to it .
ask it something , horatio .
by god , i order you to speak .
any villain in denmark is going to be , well , a villain .
you don ’ t need a ghost returning from the grave to tell you that , sir .
yes , you ’ re absolutely right .
you ’ re talking in such a crazy way , sir .
ah , but there is , horatio , there ’ s a lot of offense .
but regarding what happened between us , don ’ t ask—i can ’ t tell you .
and now , my friends , my courageous and educated friends , do me one small favor .
what is it , sir ?
don ’ t ever tell anyone what you ’ ve seen tonight .
we won ’ t , sir .
no , you have to swear it .
i swear to god i won ’ t .
me too , i won ’ t , i swear to god .
but we already swore , sir .
yes , but swear by my sword this time .
you swear never to mention what you ’ ve seen .
come over here , gentlemen , and put your hands on my sword again .
swear by my sword you ’ ll never mention what you ’ ve heard .
you said it right , old mole .
let ’ s move again , my friends .
my god , this is unbelievably strange .
then give it a nice welcome , as you would give to any stranger .
there are more things in heaven and earth , horatio , than you ’ ve even dreamed of .
swear you won ’ t .
let ’ s go back to court together , but
give him this money and these letters , reynaldo .
that ’ s what i thought too , sir .
do you get what i ’ m saying , reynaldo ?
yes , very well , sir .
you should say , “ i sort of know him , but not well .
isn ’ t he the one who ’ s always , ” and so on .
that ’ s right , or drinking , swearing , fist-fighting , visiting prostitutes—that kind of thing .
but that would ruin his reputation !
oh no , not if you say it right .
but , sir— why should you do this , you want to know ?
i ’ d like to know .
and then he ’ ll … he ’ ll … wait , what was i about to say ?
good god , i was about to say something .
you get my point , don ’ t you ?
yes , i do , sir .
and i hope he ’ s studying his music like he ’ s supposed to .
from what , in god ’ s name ?
is he crazy with love for you ?
he stayed like that a long time .
i ’ ll go tell the king about this .
love is such a violent emotion that it makes people self-destruct , as much as any strong emotion .
i ’ m so sorry .
that ’ s what made him crazy .
i regret not observing him more closely before i told you to do that .
i thought he was just toying with you and meant to ruin your reputation .
come on , let ’ s go see the king .
welcome , dear rosencrantz and guildenstern .
but we ’ ll obey .
thanks , rosencrantz and worthy guildenstern .
thanks , guildenstern and worthy rosencrantz .
i beg you to pay a visit right away to my son , who ’ s changed too much .
servants , take these gentlemen to see hamlet .
i hope to god we can make him happy and do him some good !
the ambassadors are back from norway , sir .
once again you bring good news .
i assure your majesty i ’ m only doing my duty both to my god and my good king .
it looks like you ’ ve offended it .
look , it ’ s going away .
i order you , speak !
what ’ s going on , horatio ?
you ’ re pale and trembling .
you agree now that we ’ re not imagining this , don ’ t you ?
what do you think about it ?
doesn ’ t it look like the king ?
yes , as much as you look like yourself .
the king was wearing exactly this armor when he fought the king of norway .
i want very much to find out .
all right , but first let the ambassadors speak .
then you can hear my news , as dessert .
then be so kind as to show them in .
gertrude , he says he ’ s found out the reason for your son ’ s insanity .
welcome , my good friends .
tell me , voltemand , what ’ s the news from the king of norway ?
fortinbras swore never to threaten denmark again .
meanwhile , thank you for your efforts .
tonight we ’ ll have dinner .
well , that turned out well in the end .
but that ’ s another story .
madam , please be patient .
i ’ ll read it to you .
oh , ophelia , i ’ m bad at poetry .
hamlet. ” dutifully and obediently my daughter showed me this letter , and more like it .
and how did she react to all this ?
sir , what is your opinion of me ?
i know you are loyal and honorable .
i would like to prove to you that i am .
no , i had to do something .
it may be , it certainly may be .
not that i know of .
what can we do to find out if it ’ s true ?
well , you know he sometimes walks here in the lobby for four hours at a time .
when he ’ s there next time , i ’ ll send my daughter to see him .
please go away , both of you .
i ’ ll speak to him now .
oh , please let me .
how are you , hamlet ?
do you know who i am ?
it ’ s a disgrace to us all .
it ’ s a villain and a bastard and a coward and a rascal .
who talks of my nation ?
i do not know that you are as good a man as myself .
so , by christ , i ’ ll cut off your head .
now , now , both of you gentlemen !
yes , and that ’ s a serious failing .
the town is asking for a pause in the fighting for negotiation .
what has the governor of the town decided ?
this is the final discussion i will grant .
what power can rein in promiscuous evil once it ’ s gotten rolling ?
will you surrender and avoid all this or be called to account for the destruction of this town ?
today our hopes are at an end .
therefore , great king , we surrender our town and lives to your kind mercy .
come , uncle exeter , enter harfleur .
stay there and fortify it well against the french .
tonight in harfleur we will be your guest ; tomorrow we ’ ll march on .
that ’ s enough for one lesson .
he ’ s certainly crossed the river somme .
and if he advances unopposed , my lord , let us abandon france .
let us leave everything and give our vineyards to the barbarous nation .
and shall our lively blood , quickened by wine , be so frosty ?
where is montjoy , the herald ?
send him on his way quickly .
tell him to greet the king of england with our sharp defiance .
prince dauphin , you ’ ll stay with me in rouen .
no , please , i beg your majesty .
be patient , because you ’ re staying with me .
is the duke of exeter safe ?
he is called ensign pistol .
i don ’ t know him .
captain , i have a favor to beg of you .
you ’ re on very good terms with the duke of exeter .
yes , god be praised , i have managed to earn his favor .
she provides an excellent moral .
i ’ m glad to hear it .
then die and be damned !
why , that man is a total fraud and rascal .
what he just said to me—it ’ s alright .
but you must learn to recognize such liars , or you will be greatly taken advantage of .
if i find an opportunity , i will give him a piece of my mind .
tell me , fluellen : did you just come from the bridge ?
the duke of exeter has held the bridge very gallantly .
the french have retreated , see , and there were great acts of courage .
i can tell your majesty , the duke is a brave man .
what men have you lost , fluellen ?
the enemy ’ s losses have been very great , pretty substantial .
you know from my clothing who i am .
well then , i know who you are .
what do you have to tell me ?
my master ’ s decision .
strategy makes a better soldier than haste .
now the time is right for us to speak , and we do so with imperial authority .
what kept you from telling him this ?
the french ambassador arrived at that moment and asked to see the king .
and , in fact , i think they ’ re meeting together right now .
you do your job well .
but god forgive me for bragging .
anyway , go tell your master i am here .
i ’ ll deliver the message .
i hope they don ’ t attack us now .
we ’ re in god ’ s hands , brother , not in theirs .
i have the best armor in the world .
i wish it were day !
you have wonderful armor , but give my horse his due .
it is the best horse in europe .
will it never be morning ?
my lord of orléans , and my lord high constable , are you talking about horses and armor ?
you are as well provided in both respects as any prince in the world .
what a long night this is !
i will not trade my horse for any that walks on four legs .
he leaps from the ground as if his insides were light as hairs .
the earth sings when he touches it .
the lowest part of his hoof is more musical than pan ’ s pipe .
he ’ s the color of nutmeg .
he is an animal worthy of perseus .
he is indeed worthy of the name “ horse , ” and you can call all the rest beasts .
indeed , my lord , he is a perfectly wonderful horse .
he is the prince of horses .
his neigh is like a monarch ’ s command .
it ’ s a subject as worthy of endless discussion as the changing sea .
then the writer imitated the one i composed to my steed , for my horse is my mistress .
your mistress is a good mount .
so , perhaps , did yours .
mine wasn ’ t wearing a bridle .
you ’ re a good judge of horsemanship .
take a tip from me , then .
i ’ d rather have my horse than a mistress .
i ’ d prefer to keep my mistress rather than some lame horse .
i ’ ll tell you this , constable , my mistress has his own hair .
i could make the same boast even if i had a pig as my mistress .
at least i don ’ t have a horse for my mistress—or a saying so beside the point .
my lord constable , are those stars or suns i saw on the armor in your tent tonight ?
i hope some will fall off tomorrow .
and yet i ’ ll still have plenty .
i only wish i could load him up with all the praise he deserves !
oh , will it never be day ?
i ’ ll go put my armor on .
the dauphin really wants it to be morning .
he wants to eat the english .
swear by her foot , so she can stamp out the oath .
he ’ s definitely the most active gentleman of france .
performing is activity , and he is always doing that .
he never did harm that i heard of .
and he ’ s not going to do any tomorrow .
that part of his reputation will stand .
i know him to be valiant .
i was told that by one who knows him better than you .
why , he told me so himself , and he said he didn ’ t care who knew it .
he doesn ’ t have to care .
his virtue is not hidden .
his courage is hidden , and when it is revealed , it will shrink .
ill will never prompted anything well said .
i ’ ve outshot you , and not for the first time .
my lord high constable , the english lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents .
he doesn ’ t long for the dawn as we do .
if the english had any sense , they would run away .
if there were anything inside their heads , they could never wear such heavy helmets .
that island of england breeds very valiant creatures .
their hounds are unequaled in courage .
foolish dogs , blindly running straight toward a russian bear only to have their heads crushed like rotten apples .
yes , but these english are seriously short of beef .
then tomorrow we ’ ll find that they feel only like eating , not like fighting .
it ’ s time to put our armor on .
it ’ s two o'clock now .
but let me see , by ten we shall each have captured a hundred englishmen .
now summon up the image of stealthy murmurs and engulfing darkness filling the wide vessel of the universe .
he bids them good morning with a modest smile and calls
where is my gracious lord of canterbury ?
he ’ s not here .
send for him , dear uncle .
shall we call in the ambassador , my liege ?
may god and his angels guard your sacred throne and grant that you dignify it for a long time .
thank you , i ’ m sure .
them brothers , friends , and countrymen .
gloucester , it ’ s true that we are in great danger .
but our courage should only be the greater for that .
good morning , brother bedford .
good morning , old sir thomas erpingham !
lend me your cloak , sir thomas .
we shall , my liege .
shall i accompany your grace ?
no , my good knight .
go with my brothers to my english peers .
i need to be alone with my thoughts for a while and don ’ t want any company .
the lord in heaven bless you , noble harry !
or are you low , vulgar , and of the common people ?
i am a gentleman of a company .
do you carry a pike ?
i ’ m as good a gentleman as the emperor .
then you ’ re a better man than the king .
i kiss his dirty shoe , and from the bottom of my heart i love the lovely boy .
that ’ s a cornish name .
are you with a cornish company ?
no , i am a welshman .
yes , and his relative , too .
the name suits your fierceness .
it never ceases to amaze me the way people ignore the correct , traditional principles and rules of war .
but the enemy is loud .
you can hear them all night long .
i will lower my voice .
though he seems a little old-fashioned , there is much care and courage in this welshman .
brother john bates , isn ’ t that dawn breaking over there ?
what captain do you serve ?
a veteran commander and a very kind gentleman .
tell me , what does he think of our situation ?
we ’ re men beached on the sand , hoping to be washed out by the next tide .
he hasn ’ t told this to the king , has he ?
the violet smells to him the same as it does to me .
i ’ ll tell you truly what i think about the king in my heart .
i don ’ t think he wants to be anywhere but where he is .
that ’ s more than we know .
if his cause is wrong , our obedience to the king clears us of responsibility for it .
i think few die well who die in battle .
even if these men have escaped the law and punishment at home , they can not escape god .
then if he dies , his death serves him .
it ’ s clear , every man must take responsibility for the manner of his own death .
the king is not responsible for it .
i myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed .
if i live to see it , i ’ ll never trust his word again .
yeah , right , go get him .
you may as well try to turn the sun to ice by fanning its face with a peacock feather .
your scolding is somewhat overblown .
i ’ d be angry with you if the occasion allowed .
let it be a quarrel between us , if you live .
how will i recognize you in the future ?
give me some trinket of yours , and i will wear it in my hat .
then , if you dare to acknowledge it , i ’ ll take up my quarrel with you .
i ’ ll also wear this in my cap .
if i ever see it , i will challenge you .
you may as well undertake to be hanged .
i ’ ll do it even if i find you in the company of the king himself .
i charge you , in the name of god , be careful what you say .
with this in mind , speak , my lord .
what a painful condition responsibility is .
what infinite peace do king ’ s give up that private men enjoy ?
what do kings have that private men do not , besides the pomp of their position ?
and what is this useless ceremony of kings ?
what kind of god is ceremony , which suffers more than its worshippers do ?
what income , what profit does it bring in ?
oh , ceremony , only show me your value !
you ’ re less happy , being feared , than they are in fearing you .
what do you get to drink , instead of sweet obedience , but poisonous flattery ?
try being sick , great greatness , and see if ceremony can cure you !
do you think fiery fever can be put out by the windy puff of titles ?
will it be chased away by bowing and scraping ?
you can command a beggar to bow on bended knee , but can you take possession of his health ?
no , vain illusion , so intricately bound up with a king ’ s rest .
dusk and all night long sleeps in peace .
my lord , your noble subjects are looking for you all over the camp .
good old knight , gather them all together at my tent .
i ’ ll meet you there .
consider it done , my lord .
oh god of battles , bolster my soldiers ' courage .
don ’ t let them know fear .
rob them of the ability to count before the numbers against them overwhelm their courage .
and i ’ ve built two chapels where solemn priests sing continually for richard ’ s soul .
my brother gloucester ’ s voice ?
i ’ ll go with you .
the day , my friends , and everything await me .
the sun glints off our armor .
is it time , my lord constable ?
listen to our horses neighing , longing to be working .
what , you want them to weep our horses ' blood ?
then how will we see their own natural tears ?
the english are in the field , french lords .
to our horses , you gallant princes .
what ’ s there to say ?
our advance will so dazzle the enemy that england will cower in fear and surrender .
what are you waiting for , lords of france ?
those island-bred skeletons , terrified for their bones , are an offensive sight on the morning field .
the horsemen stand frozen like candlesticks , torches in their hands .
meanwhile , their they ’ ve said their prayers , and now they wait for death .
shall we go send them food and fresh clothing and feed their starving horses before we fight them ?
i ’ ll take the banner from a trumpeter and use that .
come , let ’ s be off !
the sun is up and we ’ re wasting the day !
the king rode out alone to view their troops .
they have fully sixty thousand fighting men .
that ’ s five to one .
besides , they ’ re fresh .
may god ’ s arm strike on our side !
god be with all of you , princes .
i ’ ll go and join my men .
farewell , good salisbury ; and may good luck go with you .
but then i do you wrong to say as much , since you are the very embodiment of bravery .
he is as full of courage as of kindness , princely in both .
no , my dear cousin .
in god ’ s name , i beg you not to wish for one more man .
but if it is a sin to be selfish about honor , i am the most guilty soul alive .
oh , do not wish one more !
he will be given safe conduct and money for his passage home .
we would not want to die in the company of a man who fears to die with us .
we ’ re ready if our minds are ready .
let any man perish who isn ’ t ready now !
you don ’ t wish we had more help from england anymore , cousin ?
god be with you all .
for assuredly , you are so near the abyss that you ’ re bound to be swallowed up .
who sent you this time ?
be good enough to take back the same answer i gave before .
tell them to capture me , then sell my bones .
the man that once sold the skin of a lion while the beast still lived died hunting him .
let me speak proudly : tell the constable we ’ re only workaday soldiers .
if they do this , as they will , god willing , my ransom will soon be raised .
don ’ t come again to ask for my ransom , good messenger .
i swear the only ransom will be these bones of mine .
i shall , king harry .
you ’ ll never hear from the herald again .
i ’ m afraid you ’ ll come to me again for ransom .
my lord , most humbly on bended knee i beg you to grant me the leading of the vanguard .
take it , brave york .
now , soldiers , advance .
is that a lot of he says his name is master fer .
he begs you to spare his life .
tell him my fury will abate , and i ’ ll take the crowns .
as i get to leech him , i will show some mercy .
i never heard so loud a voice issue from such an empty heart .
i have to stay with the servants , who are with our camp ’ s luggage .
regret and everlasting shame sit on our helmets , mocking us .
our men have all broken ranks .
let ’ s fall on our swords .
are these the wretches that we threw dice for ?
is this the king we offered to ransom ?
shame , eternal shame , and nothing but shame !
maybe we can benefit from the same chaos that has defeated us .
let ’ s go offer up our lives
i ’ m going back into battle .
let life be short so that shame won ’ t last too long .
the french are still fighting .
the duke of york sends your majesty his respects .
is he still alive , good uncle ?
three times in an hour i saw him down , and three times up again and fighting .
he was covered with blood from his helmet to his spurs .
by his side lies the noble earl of suffolk , york ’ s comrade and equal in brave wounds .
he cried out , “ wait for me , dear cousin .
my soul will keep yours company on the way to heaven .
wait for mine , sweet soul .
the french have reinforced their scattered men .
then every soldier must kill his prisoners .
can i justifiably and in good conscience make this claim ?
go to the tomb of your great-grandfather , from whom your own title to the crown derives .
awaken the memory of those valiant ancestors and with your own powerful arm make their deeds live again .
to kill the boys with the luggage !
it ’ s expressly against the rules of combat .
it ’ s as complete a work of villainy as any that could be thought up .
oh , he ’ s a gallant king !
yes , he was born at monmouth , captain gower .
and is “ pig ” not the same as “ great , ” may i ask ?
i think alexander the great was born in macedon .
his father was philip of macedon , as i remember .
i think that macedon is indeed where alexander was born .
there is a river in macedon , and there is likewise a river in monmouth .
i ’ m speaking purely in analogies and comparisons .
that ’ s the one .
i tell you , there are good men born at monmouth .
i was not angry since i came to france until this instant .
take a trumpet , herald .
ride out to the horsemen on that hill .
if they seek battle with us , have them come down or else clear the field .
the sight of them is offensive .
go and tell them this .
here comes the herald of the french , my liege .
he looks humbler than he used to .
don ’ t you know that i have offered these bones of mine for ransom ?
are you coming again for ransom ?
god , not our strength , be praised !
what is the name of the castle that stands over there ?
then we ’ ll call this the battle of agincourt , fought on the day of crispin crispianus .
your majesty is quite right .
i do believe your majesty takes no shame in wearing the leek on saint davy ’ s day .
i wear it with pride , for i am welsh you know , good countryman .
thanks , my good countryman .
i will confess it to all the world .
god keep me so.—heralds , go with him .
bring me an exact report of the number of dead on both sides .
soldier , you must come to the king .
soldier , why are you wearing that glove in your cap ?
then keep your vow , fellow , when you meet the man .
so i will , my liege .
whom do you serve under ?
under captain gower , my liege .
gower is a good captain , and is well versed and well read in the wars .
have him come to me here , soldier .
i will , my liege .
here , fluellen , stick this in your cap .
your grace does me as great an honor as could be wished by any of his subjects .
do you know captain gower ?
he is my dear friend , your majesty .
go find him , please , and bring him to my tent .
i ’ ll fetch him .
my lord of warwick and my brother gloucester , follow fluellen at a close distance .
the glove which i have given him to wear may possibly win him a box on the ear .
according to an agreement , i should wear it myself .
follow and see to it that nothing serious happens between them .
you come with me , uncle of exeter .
i ’ m sure it is to knight you , captain .
sir , do you recognize this glove ?
i know the glove is a glove .
well , i recognize this one good god !
as absolute a traitor as any in the whole entire world—or even france or england !
do you think i ’ d break my oath ?
stand aside , captain gower .
i ’ ll reward treason with blows , i promise you .
i ’ m not a traitor .
arrest him : he ’ s a friend of the duke of alençon ’ s .
my liege , this was my glove .
it was i , in fact , whom you promised to strike .
their bodies may remain here in england , but their hearts are encamped on the fields of france already .
what we have to worry about is a full-scale invasion from scotland—always an unreliable neighbor .
how can you square things with me ?
you abused me to my face .
your majesty didn ’ t present yourself as the king .
you represented yourself as just a common man .
therefore , i beg your highness , pardon me .
i ’ ll have none of your money .
it ’ s meant in good will .
i tell you , you can use it to get your shoes fixed .
come , why be so hesitant ?
your shoes are in pretty bad shape .
it ’ s a good shilling , i promise you .
now , herald , have the dead been counted ?
here is the count of the slaughtered french .
what prisoners of rank have been taken , uncle ?
this paper tells me of ten thousand frenchmen who lie dead on the battlefield .
among them are one hundred twenty-six princes and standard-bearing nobles .
among the ten thousand the french have lost only sixteen hundred are mercenaries .
of brave earls , grandpré and roussi , fauconberg and foix , beaumont and marle , vaudemont and lestrale .
where is the number of our english dead ?
take credit , god , for it is no one ’ s doing but yours .
yes , captain , but with this acknowledgement—that god fought for us .
yes , i truly think he did great good .
we ’ ll perform all the holy rites .
let ’ s have him land and solemnly proceed to london .
now in the factory of thought , create the image of all london pouring forth into the streets .
skip over all the particularities between then and harry ’ s return to france .
saint davy ’ s day has passed .
there are reasons and causes why and how in everything .
and here he comes , puffing himself up like a turkey .
the smell of leek turns my stomach .
not for cadwallader and all his goats .
here ’ s a goat for you .
dissolute lowlife , you shall die .
that ’ s very true , mangy rascal , when it pleases god .
meanwhile , i ’ d be gratified if you ’ d live and eat your food .
come , here ’ s some sauce to go with it .
you ’ ve stunned him .
it ’ s good for your fresh wound and your bloody noggin .
yes , absolutely , no question or ambiguity about it .
by this leek , i swear i ’ ll make you pay for this .
would you like some more sauce to go with it ?
there isn ’ t enough leek left for you to swear on .
can ’ t you see i ’ m eating ?
i sincerely hope it does you good , mangy rascal .
no , don ’ t throw any of it away .
the skin is good for your cracked head .
when you see leeks in the future , i hope you keep mocking them .
yes , leeks are good .
wait , here ’ s a penny to heal your head .
if i owe you anything , i ’ ll pay you in clubbings .
you ’ ll become a wood salesman and buy nothing but clubs from me .
god be with you and keep you , and may he heal your head .
there ’ ll be hell to pay for this .
go on , get out of here .
you ’ re a lying , cowardly wretch .
i ’ ve seen you bait and mock this man more than once .
has fortune turned on me , like the whore she is ?
i ’ ve had news that my nell died of the pox in a hospice .
i grow old , and all dignity has been thrashed out of me .
well , i ’ ll turn pimp and do some occasional pickpocketing .
i ’ ll steal away to england , and i ’ ll steal some more when i get there .
i ’ ll bandage up these wounds and swear i got them in the french wars .
it would follow from this that the cat should stay home .
while the armed hand fights in foreign lands , the wise head defends itself at home .
we rejoice to see you , most worthy brother of england .
you are welcome here , as are all of you english princes .
we hope your poison has worn off and this day shall transform all grievances and quarrels into friendship .
we ’ re here to say “ amen ” to that .
all you english princes , i salute you .
great kings of france and england , i owe you both equal service and loyalty .
her grapes , which make the wine that cheers our hearts , die unpruned on the vines .
her once-trimmed hedges , like prisoners with wild , untended hair , put forth unruly twigs .
her fallow fields are overgrown with weeds , while the blade that should uproot such wilderness lies rusting .
children have lost—or no longer have time to learn—skills that should be a credit to our country .
the king has heard them , but as yet has made no answer .
well , the peace you pleaded for so eloquently just now lies in his answer .
i ’ ve only given the articles a cursory glance .
fair sister , will you go with the princes or stay here with me ?
gracious brother , i will go with them .
in that case , leave our cousin katherine here with us .
she is our principal demand—one of the first points of the treaty .
she is welcome to stay .
your majesty shall mock at me .
i can not speak your england .
do you like me , kate ?
i said so , dear katherine , and i ’ m not ashamed to repeat it .
kate , my wooing is fit for your understanding : i am glad your english isn ’ t better .
so give me your answer , and we ’ ll shake on it .
i speak to you as a plain soldier .
if you can love me for this , take me .
if not , to tell you i will die is true , but not for love , by god .
and yet i do love you .
so take for life a fellow of pure and plain faithfulness .
if you would have such a man , take me .
so what do you say to my suit ?
speak , my fair one , and speak fairly , i beg you .
is it possible dat i sould love de enemy of france ?
no , it is not possible you should love the enemy of france , kate .
i will have it all mine .
i don ’ t understand all dat .
can any of your neighbors tell , kate ?
i ’ ll ask them .
but mock me gently , dear kate , because i love you terribly .
what do you say , my fair i do not know dat .
no , of course you don ’ t .
now there can only be the promise .
i tell you truly , in true english : i love you , kate .
curse my father ’ s ambition !
but i promise you , kate : the older i grow the better i ’ ll look .
therefore tell me , fairest katherine , will you have me ?
come on , tell me in broken music—for your voice is music and your english broken .
come , katherine queen of all , reveal your heart to me in broken english .
den it shall also content me .
with that i kiss your hand and call you my queen .
then i will kiss your lips , kate .
what does she say , madam interpreter ?
dat it not be de custom pour les ladies of france—i can not tell vat is to kiss .
oh , kate , prudish customs bow before great kings .
therefore , willingly and yielding .
my royal kinsman , are you teaching our princess english ?
i wanted to teach her how perfectly i love her , kinsman , and that ’ s good english .
she picks it up quick , doesn ’ t she ?
forgive my boldness if i take you up on your words about making magic .
it ’ s a lot to ask of a maiden .
they ’ re forgiven , then , if they don ’ t see what they ’ re doing .
then teach your cousin to also be willing to close her eyes , my lord .
so you ’ re telling me to give it time and wait for summer .
and even then , in order for me to catch the fly your cousin , she must be blind ?
like love , my lord , before it learns to love .
shall kate be my wife ?
i am satisfied , as long as the maiden cities you talk of come with her .
we have consented to all reasonable terms .
is that true , my lords of england ?
now , welcome , kate.—and let everyone bear witness that here i kiss her as my sovereign queen .
may god , who is the best matchmaker , join your hearts and realms in one .
god say , “ amen ” !
henry the sixth , crowned king of france and england while still in his infancy , succeeded him .
with those plays in mind , we hope you ’ ll receive this one kindly .
call in the messengers sent from the dauphin .
will your majesty grant us permission to freely express the message we ’ ve been asked to convey ?
let your thoughts make up for our imperfections .
divide each man into a thousand , and there you will have an imaginary army .
therefore tell me the dauphin ’ s mind frankly and without constraint .
you can ’ t party your way into dukedoms there .
and in return for this gift , he wishes you to drop your claim to the dukedoms .
this is the dauphin ’ s message .
what ’ s the treasure , uncle ?
tennis balls , my liege .
i ’ m happy the dauphin has such a good sense of humor .
thank you for his present and your trouble .
and i understand perfectly his sneering reference to my wilder days .
men tend to be at their most irresponsible when they ’ re away from home .
and tell the dauphin his joke will look pretty stupid when thousands more weep than ever laughed at it .
that was a humorous message .
i hope to make the sender blush for it .
now , lords , don ’ t let slip any opportunity that might be advantageous for our expedition .
therefore , let every man give some thought to how this noble expedition may be undertaken .
now all the young men of england are inspired and have stored their party clothes in the closet .
shifts , friends , to southampton .
but we won ’ t shift the scene to southampton until henry reappears .
good to see you , corporal nym .
good day , lieutenant bardolph .
tell me , are you and ensign pistol friends again yet ?
for my part , i really don ’ t care .
then we can all three be comrades on our way to france .
how about it , corporal nym ?
it ’ s not for me to say .
things are what they are .
there must be some resolution .
well , it ’ s not for me to say .
here comes ensign pistol and his wife .
i swear , i scorn the word .
pish to you , you mangy dog , you pointy-eared icelandic mutt .
corporal nym , be a man and put away your sword .
get lost , will you ?
i am not some fiend of hell : you can ’ t get rid of me with spells .
i ’ m in a mood to beat you up pretty good .
your grave is gaping open , and your death is near .
so take your last breath .
that ’ s an oath of great power , and our fury must subside .
i swear , he ’ ll be food for the crows soon .
the king has broken his heart .
good husband , come home soon .
come on , can i get you two to make up ?
let rivers flood and fiends howl for food !
are you going to pay the eight shillings i won from you in a bet ?
paying debts is for peasants .
i ’ m going to take it from you now .
we ’ ll see , won ’ t we ?
by this sword , i ’ ll kill whichever one of you makes the first thrust .
by this sword , i will .
by this sword ” is an oath , and oaths must be kept .
come on , put it away .
well , then , that ’ s how it is .
if you ever had a mother , come in quickly to sir john .
the poor thing , he is so shaken with a fever that it ’ s terrible to see .
sweet men , come to him .
nym , what you say is true .
he has his moods and his ways .
how smooth and cool they seem !
just as if they were perfectly loyal and faithful .
the king has been informed of all their plans , but they have no idea .
now that the wind is favorable , let ’ s board the ship .
no doubt it will , my liege , if each man does his best .
there never was a monarch better feared and loved than yourself , your majesty .
i don ’ t think there ’ s a single unhappy subject living under the protection of your government .
yes , i have great cause to be thankful .
uncle of exeter , release the man who was arrested yesterday for railing against me .
that ’ s merciful but a bit careless .
oh , let us be merciful anyway .
and now , let ’ s turn to our business with the french .
who are the new commissioners ?
i am one , my lord .
your highness told me to ask for my commission today .
you told me to do the same , my liege .
and me , too , my royal sovereign .
i confess my crime and throw myself on your highness ’ s mercy .
to which we all appeal .
the mercy that was alive in me a moment ago was smothered and killed by your own advice .
all other devils who tempt people to treason patch together some motive , put together from shreds
why , so did you .
why , so did you .
do they come from good families ?
why , so did you .
why , so did you .
that ’ s how sound a man you appeared .
your fall has left a blot that opens even the best and brightest to suspicion .
this treachery of yours is like the second
richard earl of cambridge , i arrest you for high treason .
henry lord scroop of masham , i arrest you for high treason .
thomas grey , knight , of northumberland , i arrest you for high treason .
pardon my crime , sovereign , but not my person .
may god in his mercy forgive you .
i ’ m now sure that every bump in the road has been removed .
let ’ s go forth , dear countrymen .
i ’ ll be no king of england if i ’ m not also king of france .
no , because my manly heart is grieving .
bardolph , be happy.—nym , rouse your bragging spirits.—boy , be brave .
oh , no , he ’ s surely not in hell .
he ’ s in they say he cried out against sherry .
no , he did not .
he could never bear carnation .
it was a color he never did like .
he once said the devil would get him because of women .
well , the shall we get moving ?
the king will already have left southampton .
look after my goods and possessions .
but how will we keep it from being passed now , my lord ?
we have to think about that .
that ’ s what the bill says .
but what can be done to prevent it ?
the king is virtuous and kind .
and a true lover of the holy church .
i ’ ve heard that ’ s not the most nourishing food .
kiss her soft mouth , and we ’ ll be off .
and keep yourself hidden , i command you .
the king of england ’ s approach is as forceful as a whirlpool .
oh , please , prince dauphin !
you are completely wrong about this king .
but even if i thought you were right , it doesn ’ t matter .
this king is a branch of that same victorious stock .
ambassadors of harry , king of england , request a hearing with your majesty .
we ’ ll see them immediately .
my good king , surprise the english and let them know what kind of kingdom you rule over .
self-love , my liege , is not so great a sin as self-neglect .
from our brother monarch , the king of england ?
and what will happen if i don ’ t ?
bloodshed will force you to .
i ’ ll think it over .
regarding the dauphin , you can speak to me .
what ’ s the message from the english king ?
we ’ ll give you an answer tomorrow .
you ’ ll have your answer soon .
a night isn ’ t much time for addressing matters of this importance .
picture the cabin boys climbing around the rigging .
hear the shrill whistle that brings order to the hubbub .
follow it , follow it !
once there , make your thoughts work harder , and witness a siege .
take in the wheeled canons with their deadly gaping mouths trained on the walled city of harfleur .
imagine the french ambassador returning to inform harry that the king offers him
his daughter , katherine , with some insignificant , unprofitable dukedoms as her dowry .
indulge us further and supplement our performance with your own imaginings .
now grit your teeth and let your nostrils flare .
don ’ t dishonor your mothers !
prove that the men you call your fathers did truly conceive you .
prove you are worthy of your birth , which i do not doubt for a moment .
we are fortunate in the change .
listen to him talk about war , and you ’ ll hear elegant and thrilling accounts of the battles .
on , on , on , on , on !
to the breach , to the breach !
please , corporal , stop !
you can see how it is all around .
i wish i were in an alehouse in london !
i would give all my glory for a mug of ale and safety .
up to the breach , you dogs !
great duke , be merciful to mortal men .
dear man , calm your rage .
your honor ’ s is unhealthy talk .
young though i am , i ’ ve been observing these three blowhards closely .
they will steal anything and call it spoils .
i must leave them and seek some better employment .
their villainy nauseates me , and i must therefore vomit it up .
by jesus , i think they will blow up everything if we don ’ t improve our tactics .
it ’ s captain macmorris , right ?
jesus , he ’ s an ass if there ever was one !
i will say as much to his face .
he knows no more about the proper practice of war , see—the ancient practices—than a puppy .
here he comes with captain jamy , the scots captain .
good day to you , captain fluellen .
good evening to your worship , good captain james .
tell me , captain macmorris , have you left the tunnels ?
have the excavators stopped work ?
christ , it ’ s a disaster .
i swear by this hand and my father ’ s soul , the whole thing is a disaster .
it ’ s all stopped .
i could have blown up the town in an hour .
look , he ’ s approaching caesar .
keep an eye on him .
brutus , what will we do ?
where ’ s metellus cimber ?
he should go up and offer his petition to caesar now .
they ’ re speaking to him .
go up there and second his petition .
casca , you ’ ll be the first to raise your hand .
i have to stop you , cimber .
what , even you , brutus ?
i could be convinced if i were like you .
if i could beg others to change their minds , begging would convince me , too .
the sky shows countless stars .
so it is on earth .
to show you that that ’ s me , let me prove it a little even in this case .
would you try to lift mount olympus ?
haven ’ t i resisted even brutus , begging from his knees ?
hands , speak for me !
run and proclaim it in the streets .
don ’ t run away—stay where you are .
go to the platform , brutus .
we don ’ t intend any harm to you , nor to anyone else .
tell them this , publius .
and leave us , publius , in case the people storming us should harm you .
and let no one suffer for this deed except us , the perpetrators .
he ran to his house , stunned .
why , the man who shortens his life by twenty years cuts off twenty years of worrying about death .
who ’ s calling me ?
who in the crowd is calling me ?
i hear a voice more piercing than the music of these trumpets calling “ caesar ! ” speak .
a soothsayer tells you to beware of march 15th .
bring him in front of me .
let me see his face .
you , fellow , step out of the crowd .
this is caesar you ’ re looking at .
what do you have to say to me now ?
let ’ s leave him .
are you going to watch the race ?
yes , every man forward .
brutus will lead , and we ’ ll follow him with the boldest and best hearts of rome .
who ’ s that coming ?
it ’ s a friend of antony ’ s .
your master is a wise and honorable roman .
i never thought any less of him .
i know that he ’ ll be on our side .
but here comes antony.—welcome , mark antony .
do you lie so low ?
have all your conquests , glories , triumphs , achievements , come to so little ?
oh , antony , don ’ t beg us to kill you .
they are full of pity for caesar .
for you , our swords have blunt edges , too dull to harm you , mark antony .
your vote will be as strong as anyone ’ s in the reordering of the government .
but just be patient until we ’ ve calmed the masses , who are beside themselves with fear .
i don ’ t doubt your wisdom .
each of you , give me your bloody hand .
mark antony— pardon me , caius cassius .
you may , mark antony .
brutus , may i have a word with you ?
it ’ ll help us more than hurt us .
mark antony , take caesar ’ s body .
and you ’ ll speak on the same platform as i do , after i ’ m done .
i don ’ t want anything more .
prepare the body , then , and follow us .
you are what ’ s left of the noblest man that ever lived .
pity the hand that shed this valuable blood .
fierce civil war will paralyze all of italy .
i do , mark antony .
caesar wrote for him to come to rome .
he received caesar ’ s letters , and he is coming .
grief seems to be contagious , for my eyes , seeing the tears in yours , began to fill .
he rests tonight within twenty-one miles of rome .
report back to him fast and tell him what has happened .
don ’ t go back until i ’ ve carried the corpse into the marketplace .
then follow me and listen to my speech , friends .
cassius , go to the next street and divide the crowd .
let those who will hear me speak stay .
i ’ ll listen to brutus .
i ’ ll listen to cassius , and we will compare their reasons .
noble brutus has mounted the platform .
be patient until i finish .
romans , countrymen , and friends !
listen to my reasons and be silent so you can hear .
believe me on my honor and keep my honor in mind , so you may believe me .
be wise when you criticize me and keep your minds alert so you can judge me fairly .
i weep for caesar in that he was good to me .
i rejoice in his good fortune .
i honor him for being brave .
but his ambition—for that , i killed him .
who here is so low that he wants to be a slave ?
if there are any , speak , for it is he whom i ’ ve offended .
who here is so barbarous that he doesn ’ t want to be a roman ?
if there are any , speak , for it is he whom i ’ ve offended .
who here is so vile that he doesn ’ t love his country ?
if there are any , speak , for it is he whom i have offended .
i will pause for a reply .
no one , brutus , no one .
then i have offended no one .
i ’ ve done no more to caesar than you will do to me .
the reasons for his death are recorded in the capitol .
let ’ s carry him in triumph to his house !
i don ’ t like sports .
i ’ m not competitive like antony .
but don ’ t let me keep you from going , cassius .
i ’ ll go my own way .
cassius , don ’ t take it badly .
tell me , good brutus , can you see your face ?
caesar ’ s better qualities exist in brutus , and we will crown him .
we ’ ll bring him to his house with shouts and celebration !
good countrymen , let me leave alone .
i ask that none of you leave , except myself , until antony has finished .
let him mount the pulpit .
we ’ ll listen to him .
for brutus ’ s sake , i am indebted to you .
what does he say about brutus ?
he says that for brutus ’ s sake he finds himself indebted to us all .
he ’ d better not speak badly of brutus here .
that ’ s for sure .
we ’ re lucky that rome is rid of him .
let ’ s hear what antony has to say .
you gentle romans— quiet there !
friends , romans , countrymen , give me your attention .
i have come here to bury caesar , not to praise him .
the evil that men do is remembered after their deaths , but the good is often buried with them .
it might as well be the same with caesar .
the noble brutus told you that caesar was ambitious .
he was my friend , he was faithful and just to me .
but brutus says he was ambitious , and brutus is an honorable man .
he brought many captives home to rome whose ransoms brought wealth to the city .
is this the work of an ambitious man ?
when the poor cried , caesar cried too .
ambition shouldn ’ t be so soft .
yet brutus says he was ambitious , and brutus is an honorable man .
if you think about it correctly , caesar has suffered a great wrong .
caesar wouldn ’ t take the crown .
therefore it ’ s certain that he wasn ’ t ambitious .
if it turns out he wasn ’ t , certain people are going to get it .
antony ’ s eyes are fiery red from crying .
there isn ’ t a nobler man than antony in all of rome .
only yesterday the word of caesar might have stood against the world .
now he lies there worth nothing , and no one is so humble as to show him respect .
i will not do them wrong .
i would rather wrong the dead , and wrong myself and you , than wrong such honorable men .
but here ’ s a paper with caesar ’ s seal on it .
we want to hear the will .
read it , mark antony .
the will , the will !
we want to hear caesar ’ s will .
it isn ’ t proper for you to know how much caesar loved you .
you aren ’ t wood , you aren ’ t stones—you ’ re men .
and , being men , the contents of caesar ’ s will would enrage you .
we want to hear it , antony .
you have to read us the will , caesar ’ s will .
i ’ ve said too much in telling you of it .
i ’ m afraid that i wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed caesar .
they were villains , murderers .
you force me to read the will , then ?
we ’ ll let you .
stand away from the hearse .
stand away from the body .
make room for antony , most noble antony !
no , don ’ t press up against me .
if you have tears , prepare to shed them now .
you all know this cloak .
i remember the first time caesar ever put it on .
it was the day he overcame the nervii warriors .
look , here ’ s where cassius ’ s dagger pierced it .
see the wound that casca made .
for brutus , as you know , was caesar ’ s angel .
the gods know how dearly caesar loved him !
this was the most unkind cut of all .
oh , what a fall it was , my countrymen !
then you and i and all of us fell down , while bloody treason triumphed .
oh , now you weep , and i sense that you feel pity .
look at this , here is the man—scarred , as you can see , by traitors .
oh , what a sad sight !
oh , traitors , villains !
oh , most bloody sight !
listen to the noble antony .
those who have done this deed are honorable .
i don ’ t know what private grudges they had that made them do it .
they ’ re wise and honorable , and will no doubt give you reasons for it .
i haven ’ t come to steal your loyalty , friends .
we ’ ll burn brutus ’ s house .
let ’ s go , then !
come , find the conspirators !
wait , and listen to me , countrymen .
why , friends , you don ’ t even know what you ’ re doing yet .
what has caesar done to deserve your love ?
alas , you don ’ t know .
i must tell you then .
you ’ ve forgotten the will i told you about .
let ’ s stay and hear the will !
we ’ ll revenge his death .
when will there be another like him ?
we ’ ll start a fire .
now , let it work .
what ’ s up , my man ?
sir , octavius has already arrived in rome .
he and lepidus are at caesar ’ s house .
i will go straight to visit him .
i ask for him , and he comes .
fortune is happy today and , in this mood , will give us anything we want .
i heard octavius say that brutus and cassius have ridden like madmen through the gates of rome .
they probably received warning about how much i stirred up the people .
i ’ ll tell you , good brutus .
and don ’ t be suspicious of me , noble brutus .
i ’ m afraid the people have made caesar their king .
really , are you afraid of that ?
then i have to assume you don ’ t want him to be king .
i dreamed last night that i feasted with caesar , and unlucky signs overwhelmed my imagination .
i have no desire to go outside , yet something leads me there .
what ’ s your name ?
are you a married man or a bachelor ?
answer all of us , now .
yes , and be brief .
yes , and be wise .
what ’ s my name ?
am i a married man or a bachelor ?
then , to answer every man briefly , wisely , and truthfully—wisely i say , i am a bachelor .
you imply that married men are fools .
you ’ ll get a blow from me for that , i think .
right this instant , i ’ m going to caesar ’ s funeral .
as a friend or an enemy ?
getting right to the point , i live near the capitol .
tell us your name , sir , truthfully .
truthfully , my name is cinna .
he ’ s a conspirator .
i ’ m not cinna the conspirator .
it doesn ’ t matter .
his name ’ s cinna .
pull only his name out of his heart and let him go .
tear him apart , tear him up !
come , firebrands , over here !
to brutus ’ s , to cassius ’ s , let ’ s burn them all .
some of you go to decius ’ s house and some to casca ’ s .
some to ligarius ’ s .
these ones , then , will be assassinated .
i agree— put a mark next to his name too , antony .
on the condition that your sister ’ s son , publius , also must die , mark antony .
see—i ’ ve sealed his fate with this mark next to his name .
but , lepidus , go to caesar ’ s house .
will you be here when i return ?
either here or at the capitol .
he ’ s an unremarkable man , fit only to be sent on errands .
octavius , i ’ m older than you are .
you can do what you want , but he ’ s an experienced and honorable soldier .
so is my horse , octavius , and for that reason i give him all the hay he wants .
pass on the command to halt !
what ’ s happening now , lucillius ?
he ’ s nearby , and pindarus has come to salute you on behalf of his master .
if he ’ s nearby , i want an explanation .
can i have a word with you , lucillius ?
you ’ ve described a warm friend who ’ s cooling off .
plain and simple loyalty doesn ’ t make anyone act phony .
they plan to spend the night in sardis .
the larger part , the main body of cavalry , are coming with cassius .
march to meet him at a dignified pace .
most noble brother , you have done me wrong .
let the gods judge me !
do i mistreat even my enemies ?
and when you do— cassius , calm down .
order them to move back .
then , in my tent , you can elaborate on your complaints , and i ’ ll listen .
pindarus , order our commanders to lead their charges a little ways away from this ground .
have lucius and titinius guard the door .
you wronged yourself to write on behalf of such a man .
in a time like this , it doesn ’ t make sense to criticize every offense .
me , “ greedy ” !
you know , if you were anyone other than brutus , that speech would be your last .
the name of cassius gives credit to these corrupt actions , and so they go unpunished .
remember march , march 15th .
didn ’ t great caesar bleed for the sake of justice ?
who among us stabbed him for any cause but justice ?
i ’ d rather be a dog and howl at the moon than be that kind of roman .
brutus , do not provoke me .
i will not take it .
you ’ re forgetting yourself when you back me into a corner .
i ’ m a soldier , more experienced than you , and better able to give orders .
you are not , cassius .
i say you ’ re not .
don ’ t provoke me any further or i ’ ll forget to restrain myself .
if you care about your health , you won ’ t push me any further .
leave , you little man .
listen to me , for i have something to tell you .
does a madman scare me when he stares at me ?
but why do you keep me here so long ?
what do you want to tell me ?
i know this quality in you , brutus—it ’ s as familiar to me as your face .
indeed , honor is what i want to talk to you about .
i was born as free as caesar .
we both have eaten as well , and we can both endure the cold winter as well as he .
go ahead—rage till your proud heart breaks .
show your slaves how mad you are , and make your servants tremble .
has it come to this ?
you say you ’ re a better soldier .
make your boasts come true , and i ’ ll be thrilled .
i ’ m always happy to hear about brave men .
you wrong me in every way .
you wrong me , brutus .
when caesar was alive , even he wouldn ’ t dare anger me like this .
you wouldn ’ t have dared to tempt him so .
i wouldn ’ t have dared !
you wouldn ’ t have dared , out of fear for your life .
don ’ t take my love for granted .
i might do something i ’ ll be sorry for .
you ’ ve already done something you should be sorry for .
i asked you for gold to pay my soldiers , and you wouldn ’ t give it to me .
was that the caius cassius that i knew ?
and would i have ever done that to you ?
i didn ’ t refuse you .
the man who brought my answer to you was a fool .
you have broken my heart .
a friend should put up with his friend ’ s weaknesses , but you exaggerate mine .
i don ’ t until you practice them on me .
you don ’ t love me .
i don ’ t like your faults .
a friend would never see those faults .
no , a flatterer wouldn ’ t , even if the faults were as huge as mount olympus .
oh , i could weep my soul right out of myself !
there ’ s my dagger put away your dagger .
be angry whenever you like , it ’ s all right with me .
do whatever you want , and i ’ ll say your insults are just a bad mood .
when i said that , i was angry too .
you admit it , then ?
what ’ s the matter ?
what ’ s the matter ?
you should be ashamed , generals !
what do you think you ’ re doing ?
love each other and be friends , like two such men should be .
listen to me , because i ’ m older than you , surely .
be patient with him , brutus .
that ’ s just how he is .
i ’ ll humor him when he learns how to behave .
what should we do with all these rhyming fools that follow us from post to post ?
get out of here , my friend .
away , away , be gone .
lucillius and titinius , order the commanders to have the men camp for the night .
and return to us immediately , bringing messala with you .
i didn ’ t think you could even be so angry .
oh cassius , i ’ m tired out by many sorrows .
what an irreplaceable and grievous loss !
what sickness did she die of ?
and that ’ s how she died ?
my heart is thirsty for that noble promise .
fill my cup , lucius , until the wine overflows it .
i can not drink too much of brutus ’ s love .
now let ’ s sit closely around this candle and discuss our needs .
portia , are you really gone ?
no more about that , please .
i have received letters that say the same .
on that point , our letters don ’ t agree .
my letters say only seventy senators were killed , one being cicero .
cicero is dead , by their decree .
and you haven ’ t heard any news about her in your letters ?
i think that ’ s strange .
have you heard something of her in your letters ?
now , as you ’ re a roman , tell me the truth .
then you must take the truth i have to tell like a roman .
it ’ s certain that she is dead , and she died in a strange way .
well , good-bye , portia .
we all must die , messala .
that ’ s the way great men ought to endure great losses .
well , let ’ s move on to our work with the living .
what do you think of marching to philippi immediately ?
i don ’ t think it ’ s a good idea .
here ’ s why : it ’ d be better for the enemy to come after us .
if we meet him at philippi , these people will be at our backs .
listen to me , good brother .
our regiments are full to the brim ; our cause is ready .
the enemy gets larger each day .
we , now at our largest , can only decrease .
if that ’ s what you want , all right .
we ’ ll go forward with you and meet them at philippi .
that ’ s all there is to say .
there ’ s nothing else .
we ’ ll rise and leave early tomorrow .
let ’ s pray that we never come into conflict like that again .
let ’ s not , brutus .
in spain , caesar had a fever , and it made him shake .
it ’ s true , this so-called “ god ” —he shook .
his cowardly lips turned white , and the same eye whose gaze terrifies the world lost its gleam .
i think this applause is for some new honors awarded to caesar .
men can be masters of their fate .
it is not destiny ’ s fault , but our own faults , that we ’ re slaves .
brutus ” and “ caesar. ” what ’ s so special about “ caesar ” ?
why should that name be proclaimed more than yours ?
write them together—yours is just as good a name .
pronounce them—it is just as nice to say .
good night , my lord .
good night , good brother .
good night , lord brutus .
where ’ s your lute ?
what , are you sleepy ?
call claudio and some of my other men .
i ’ ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .
did you call , my lord ?
sirs , i ask you to sleep in my tent .
i might wake you up in a while to send you on an errand to my brother cassius .
if you like , we ’ ll stand by and wait to do whatever you need .
look , lucius , here ’ s the book i was searching for .
i put it in the pocket of my nightgown .
i was sure that you hadn ’ t given it to me .
can you stay awake a bit longer and play a few tunes on your lute ?
yes , my lord , if you would like .
i would , my boy .
i ask too much of you , but you ’ re always willing .
it ’ s my duty , sir .
i shouldn ’ t make you do more than you ’ re able .
i know that young men look forward to their rest .
i ’ ve already slept , my lord .
that was good planning , and you ’ ll sleep some more .
i won ’ t keep you very long .
if i live through this , i ’ ll be good to you .
this is a sleepy tune .
gentle boy , good night .
i won ’ t trouble you so much as to wake you .
good night , good boy .
let me see , let me see .
didn ’ t i turn down the page where i left off reading ?
here it is , i think .
i think it ’ s my bad eyesight that ’ s making me see this horrible vision .
it ’ s coming toward me .
tell me what you are .
i ’ m your evil spirit , brutus .
why do you come here ?
to tell you that you ’ ll see me at philippi .
then i ’ ll see you again ?
alright , then i ’ ll see you at philippi .
evil spirit , i want to talk some more .
he thinks he ’ s still playing his instrument .
were you dreaming , lucius ?
my lord , i don ’ t think i cried out .
why did you cry out in your sleep ?
did we , my lord ?
no , my lord , i didn ’ t see anything .
me neither , my lord .
go to my brother cassius .
order him to advance his forces first thing , and we ’ ll follow .
now , antony , our prayers have been answered .
you said the enemy wouldn ’ t come down but keep to the hills and upper regions .
i know how they think , and i understand why they ’ re doing this .
but they aren ’ t .
the enemy approaches with great display .
they show their bloody heralds of battle , and something must be done immediately .
octavius , lead your forces slowly out to the left side of the level field .
i ’ ll go to the right side .
you stay on the left .
why are you defying me in this urgent matter ?
we have to go out and talk to them .
mark antony , should we give the signal to attack ?
no , octavius caesar , we ’ ll respond to their charge .
the generals want to speak with us .
is that how it is , countrymen ?
not that we love words more than fighting , like you do .
good words are better than bad strokes , octavius .
brutus , you give a nice speech along with your evil strokes .
but your words are as sweet as honey—you ’ ve stolen from the bees and left them with nothing .
i took their stings too , wouldn ’ t you say ?
now , brutus , you have only yourself to thank .
come , come , let ’ s remember why we ’ re here .
if arguing makes us sweat , the real trial will turn that water to blood .
caesar , you ’ re not going to be killed by a traitor—unless you kill yourself..
i hope you ’ re right .
i wasn ’ t born to die on your sword .
if you were the noblest of your family , young man , you couldn ’ t die more honorably .
an annoying schoolboy , unworthy of such an honor , joined by a masquerader and a partier !
still the same old cassius !
if you dare to fight today , come to the field .
if not , come when you have the courage .
now let the wind blow , waves swell , and ships sink !
the storm has begun and everything is at stake .
messala , today is my birthday—i was born on this very day .
give me your hand , messala .
you know that i used to believe in epicurus and his disregard for omens .
i ’ ve changed my mind now and partly believe in omens .
their shadows are like a deadly canopy , under which our army lies , ready to die .
don ’ t believe in this .
i only partly believe it , for i ’ m enthusiastic and resolved to meet all dangers without wavering .
if we lose this battle , this is the last time we ’ ll speak to each other .
if we lose , what do you plan to do ?
our era should be ashamed !
rome has lost the ability to raise noble men !
until now , no one could say that only one man mattered in all of vast rome .
now , though , in all of rome , there ’ s room for only one man .
i have no doubt that you love me .
i ’ m beginning to understand what you want me to do .
for now , don ’ t try to persuade me anymore—i ask you as a friend .
i ’ m glad that my weak words have provoked even this small show of protest from you .
no , cassius , no .
don ’ t imagine that i ’ ll ever allow myself to return to rome in chains .
my mind is too great for that .
therefore , accept my everlasting farewell .
forever and forever , farewell , cassius !
if we meet again , then we ’ ll smile .
if not , then this parting was well done .
forever and forever , farewell , brutus !
if we meet again , then we ’ ll smile indeed .
if not , it ’ s true , this parting was well done .
oh , i wish i could know what will happen today before it happens !
ride , ride , messala , ride , and give these dispatches to our forces on the other side .
ride , ride , messala .
i ’ ve become an enemy to my own soldiers !
oh , cassius , brutus gave the orders too soon .
retreat further , my lord , retreat further .
mark antony is in your tents , my lord .
therefore you must run , noble cassius .
are those my tents on fire ?
they are , my lord .
i ’ ll be back quicker than you can think a thought .
go , pindarus , climb a little higher on this hill .
my eyesight has always been bad .
watch titinius and tell me what you see in the field .
today was the day i breathed my first breath .
time has come round , and i ’ ll end where i began .
my life has run its circle .
come down , look no more .
come now , keep your oath .
caesar , you are revenged with the very same sword that killed you .
so i ’ m free .
but i didn ’ t want to be free like this .
oh , cassius , i ’ ll run far from this country to where no romans can find me .
this news will comfort cassius .
where did you leave him ?
on this hill and in despair , with his slave pindarus .
isn ’ t that him on the ground ?
he doesn ’ t seem to be alive .
isn ’ t that him ?
where are you , pindarus ?
hurry , messala , and i ’ ll look for pindarus in the meantime .
why did you send me out , brave cassius ?
didn ’ t i meet up with your allies ?
didn ’ t you hear their shouts ?
alas , you misunderstood everything !
but let me place this wreath on your head .
your brutus ordered me to give it to you , and i ’ ll do what he says .
where is his body , messala ?
over there , where titinius mourns it .
he ’ s been killed .
oh , julius caesar , you are still powerful .
your ghost walks the earth and turns our swords toward our own stomachs .
could you have found two romans as good as these two ?
good-bye to you , the last of all the romans .
i will find the time to cry for you , cassius , i ’ ll find the time .
come , then , and send his body to thasos .
let ’ s proceed to the field .
labio and flavio , push our armies onward .
who is so low that he wouldn ’ t ?
who will advance with me ?
i will proclaim my name around the field .
i am the son of marcus cato !
an enemy to tyrants and a friend to my country .
i am the son of marcus cato !
and i am brutus , marcus brutus .
brutus , my country ’ s friend .
know that i am brutus !
oh , young and noble cato , have you been slain ?
i ’ d rather die .
here is some money for you to kill me immediately .
kill brutus and be honored by the killing .
he is a noble prisoner !
tell antony that brutus has been taken .
i ’ ll tell him the news .
he ’ s safe , antony .
i can assure you that no enemy will ever take the noble brutus alive .
the gods protect him from so great a shame !
the games are done and caesar is returning .
i ’ ll do so .
but look , cassius , caesar looks angry and everyone else looks as if they ’ ve been scolded .
casca will tell us what ’ s the matter .
come , last of my friends , rest on this rock .
statilius waved the torchlight at us , but he hasn ’ t come back .
he ’ s been captured or killed .
who , me , my lord ?
no , not for all the world .
don ’ t give it away .
i ’ d rather kill myself .
would i dare do something like that ?
come here , good volumnius .
what is it , my lord ?
once at sardis and once last night , here in philippi fields .
i know that my hour has come .
no , it hasn ’ t , my lord .
no , i ’ m sure it has , volumnius .
you see how the world goes , volumnius .
our enemies have driven us to the edge of the grave .
it ’ s nobler to leap in ourselves than dawdle until they push us .
good volumnius , you know that we went to school together .
that ’ s not a job for a friend , my lord .
run , run , my lord .
we can ’ t wait here .
farewell to you , and you , and you , volumnius .
strato , you ’ ve slept this whole time .
so farewell , all , for my tongue has almost finished with its life .
i can ’ t see ahead of me .
my bones want to rest after helping me up to this hour .
run , my lord , run .
i beg you , strato , stay by me .
you ’ re a man with a good reputation .
your life has had honor in it .
then , hold my sword and turn your face away while i run on it .
give me your hand , first .
free from the bondage you are in , messala .
i ’ ll take all who served brutus into my service .
you , will you join with me ?
yes , if messala recommends me to you .
do so , good messala .
how did my master die , strato ?
i held the sword and he ran on it .
then take this man into your service , octavius , for he did the final service to my master .
this was the noblest roman of them all .
all the rest of the conspirators acted out of jealousy of great caesar .
only he acted from honesty and for the general good .
his body will lie in my tent tonight , with the honorable observance that suits a soldier .
tell us what happened today that put caesar in such a serious mood .
but you were with him , weren ’ t you ?
if i were , i wouldn ’ t need to ask you what happened .
what was the second noise for ?
what was the last cry for ?
the crown was offered to him three times ?
who offered him the crown ?
tell us how it happened , noble casca .
i can ’ t explain it .
then antony offered it the third time .
but wait a minute , please .
did you say caesar fainted ?
he fell down in the marketplace and foamed at the mouth and was speechless .
that ’ s very likely .
he has epilepsy , a disease where you fall down .
no , caesar doesn ’ t have epilepsy .
you and i , and honest casca , we have epilepsy—we ’ ve fallen .
i don ’ t know what you mean by that , but i ’ m sure caesar fell down .
what did he say when he regained consciousness ?
but never mind them—if caesar had stabbed their mothers , they would ’ ve forgiven him .
and after that he came back here looking so serious ?
go home , you lazy men .
what , is today a holiday ?
i ’ m a carpenter , sir .
where are your leather apron and your ruler ?
what are you doing , wearing your best clothes ?
but what ’ s your trade ?
it is a trade , sir , that i practice with a clear conscience .
you insolent rascal , what trade ?
sir , please , don ’ t be angry .
but if your soles are worn out , i can mend you .
what do you mean by that ?
mend ” me , you impertinent fellow ?
yes , he said something in greek .
if i told you i understood greek , i ’ d be lying .
but those who understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads .
as for myself , it was greek to me .
i have more news too .
murellus and flavius have been punished for pulling scarves off statues of caesar .
there was even more foolishness , if i could only remember it .
will you have dinner with me tonight , casca ?
no , i have a commitment .
will you dine with me tomorrow ?
i ’ ll expect you .
what a stupid man he ’ s become !
he was so sharp when he was in school .
you ’ re right , that ’ s how it is .
i ’ ll leave you for now .
if you ’ d like to talk tomorrow , i ’ ll come to your home .
i ’ ll do so .
until then , think about the well-being of rome .
well , brutus , you ’ re noble .
caesar resents me , but he loves brutus .
if i were brutus now and brutus were me , i wouldn ’ t have let him influence me .
did you accompany caesar home ?
and yesterday the night owl sat hooting and shrieking in the marketplace at noon .
they ’ re natural enough. ” i think these things are omens of things to come in our country .
indeed , it ’ s a strange time .
but men tend to interpret things however suits them and totally miss the actual meaning of the things themselves .
is caesar visiting the capitol tomorrow ?
he is , because he told antonius to tell you he ’ d be there tomorrow .
good night then , casca .
this bad weather isn ’ t good to walk around in .
it ’ s casca—i know your voice .
cassius , what a night this is !
it ’ s a very pleasing night to honest men .
who ever saw the heavens threaten like this ?
those who have known how bad things are here on earth .
but why did you tempt the heavens like that ?
mankind ’ s role is to fear and tremble when the almighty gods send warning signals .
you go pale , you stare , and you act in awe of the strange disturbance in the heavens .
let it be who it is .
our tolerance for slavery and oppression shows us to be weak , like women .
i know where i ’ ll wear this dagger , then .
i ’ ll kill myself to save myself from slavery .
in suicide , gods make the weak strong .
in suicide , gods allow tyrants to be defeated .
but if a man becomes weary of these obstacles , he can always kill himself .
let everyone beware : i can shake off the tyranny that now oppresses me whenever i choose .
in fact , every imprisoned man holds in his own hand the tool to free himself .
how can caesar be a tyrant then ?
i know he wouldn ’ t be a wolf if the romans didn ’ t act like sheep .
he couldn ’ t be a lion if the romans weren ’ t such easy prey .
people who want to start a big fire quickly start with little twigs .
what have i said in my grief ?
that ’ s a deal .
no , it ’ s casca , someone who ’ s going to work with us .
aren ’ t the others waiting for me , cinna ?
i ’ m glad casca is with us .
what a fearful night this is !
two or three of us have seen strange things .
oh , cassius , if you could only convince brutus to join us— don ’ t worry .
are decius brutus and trebonius there ?
well , i ’ ll hurry and put these papers where you told me .
when you ’ ve finished , go back to pompey ’ s theater .
come on , casca , you and i will go see brutus at his house before sunrise .
yes , you ’ re absolutely right about how worthy brutus is and how much we need him .
wake up , i say !
did you call me , my lord ?
put a candle in my study , lucius .
call me when it ’ s lit .
i will , my lord .
i have no personal reason to strike at him—only the best interest of the people .
he wants to be crowned .
the question is , how would being king change him ?
you ’ re a cobbler , are you ?
sir , i make my living using an awl .
i ’ m a surgeon to old shoes .
when they ’ re endangered , i save them .
the noblest men who ever walked on leather have walked on my handiwork .
but why aren ’ t you in your shop today ?
why are you leading these men through the streets ?
well , to wear out their shoes and get myself more work .
why would you celebrate it ?
what victory does he bring home ?
what foreign lands has he conquered and captive foreigners chained to his chariot wheels ?
rulers abuse their power when they separate it from compassion .
caesar might act like that .
therefore , in case he does , we must hold him back .
the candle is burning in your study , sir .
it isn ’ t daybreak yet .
is tomorrow the 15th of march , boy ?
i don ’ t know , sir .
check the calendar and come tell me .
sir , fifteen days of march have gone by .
i haven ’ t slept since cassius first began to turn me against caesar .
instead , hide your true face behind smiles and friendliness .
i ’ m afraid we ’ re intruding too boldly on your sleep time .
i ’ ve been up all night .
do i know these men who are with you ?
he ’ s welcome here .
he ’ s welcome too .
and this is metellus cimber .
they ’ re all welcome .
what worries have kept you awake tonight ?
can i have a word with you ?
here ’ s the east .
won ’ t the dawn come from here ?
you ’ re both wrong .
and let us swear to our resolution .
no , let ’ s not swear an oath .
then we can let this ambitious tyrant continue unchallenged until each of us is killed at his whim .
only men whom you wouldn ’ t trust anyway would swear oaths , and for the worst reasons .
should we see what he thinks ?
i think he will stand strong with us .
let ’ s not leave him out .
no , by no means .
they ’ ll assume that cicero , with his sound judgment , ordered the actions .
no , don ’ t even mention him .
he ’ ll never follow anything that other men have started .
indeed , he ’ s not right for this .
we ’ d find that he was a dangerous plotter .
let ’ s be sacrificers but not butchers , caius .
we ’ re all against what caesar stands for , and there ’ s no blood in that .
oh , how i wish we could oppose caesar ’ s spirit—his overblown ambition—and not hack up caesar himself !
but , unfortunately , caesar has to bleed if we ’ re going to stop him .
noble friends , let ’ s kill him boldly but not with anger .
this will make our actions seem practical and not vengeful .
if he loves caesar , then he can only hurt himself—by grieving and dying for caesar .
there ’ s nothing to fear in him .
count how many times the clock chimes .
it ’ s time to leave .
don ’ t worry about that .
if he ’ s reluctant , i can convince him .
let me work on him .
i can put him in the right mood , and i ’ ll bring him to the capitol .
no , we ’ ll all go there to bring him .
is that the latest we can do it ?
caius ligarius doesn ’ t like caesar , who berated him for speaking well of pompey .
i wonder that none of you thought about getting his support .
good metellus , go to him now .
he likes me , and i ’ ve given him good reason to .
just send him here , and i ’ ll persuade him .
we ’ ll leave , brutus .
friends , go your separate ways .
but all of you , remember what you ’ ve said and prove yourselves true romans .
good gentlemen , look like you ’ re rested and happy .
and so , good morning to all of you .
well , enjoy the sweetness of deep sleep .
that ’ s why you sleep so soundly .
portia , what are you doing awake ?
it isn ’ t good for your health to expose your weak body to the raw , cold morning .
it ’ s not good for your health , either .
you rudely snuck out of bed .
i asked you again , and you scratched your head and stamped your foot impatiently .
my dear lord , tell me what ’ s bothering you .
you go down toward the capitol , and i ’ ll go this way .
undress the statues if they ’ re decorated in honor of caesar .
i ’ ll walk around and force the commoners off the streets .
you do the same , wherever the crowds are thick .
i ’ m not feeling well—that ’ s all .
i ’ m doing so .
good portia , go to bed .
and is it healthy to walk uncovered and breathe in the dampness of the morning ?
don ’ t kneel , noble portia .
if that were true , then i ’ d know your secret .
i won ’ t betray them .
i ’ ve proved my trustworthiness by giving myself a voluntary wound here in my thigh .
if i can bear that pain , then i can bear my husband ’ s secrets .
oh , gods , make me worthy of this noble wife !
lucius , who ’ s that knocking ?
here ’ s a sick man who wants to speak with you .
how i wish you felt better !
i ’ m not sick if you ’ ve prepared some honorable exploit for me .
a deed that will make sick men healthy .
but aren ’ t there some healthy men whom we have to make sick ?
neither the sky nor the earth have been quiet tonight .
calphurnia cried out three times in her sleep , “ help , someone !
they ’ re murdering caesar ! ” who ’ s there ?
go tell the priests to perform a sacrifice immediately , and bring me their interpretation of the results .
i will , my lord .
what are you doing , caesar ?
are you planning to go out ?
you ’ re not leaving the house today .
the things that threaten me have only seen my back .
when they see the face of caesar , they will vanish .
caesar , i never believed in omens , but now they frighten me .
a lioness gave birth in the streets , and graves cracked open and thrust out their dead .
these things are beyond anything we ’ ve seen before , and i ’ m afraid .
how can we avoid what the gods want to happen ?
when beggars die there are no comets in the sky .
the heavens only announce the deaths of princes .
cowards die many times before their deaths .
the brave experience death only once .
what do the priests say ?
they don ’ t want you to go out today .
they pulled out the guts of the sacrificed animal and couldn ’ t find its heart .
the gods do this to test my bravery .
so , i won ’ t .
alas , my lord , your confidence is getting the better of your wisdom .
don ’ t go out today .
say that it ’ s my fear that keeps you inside and not your own .
here ’ s decius brutus .
he ’ ll tell them so .
good morning , worthy caesar .
i ’ ve come to take you to the senate house .
would i send a lie ?
decius , go tell them that caesar won ’ t come .
the reason is that it ’ s what i want .
i ’ m not coming .
that ’ s enough for the senate .
but for your private satisfaction , because i love you , i ’ ll tell you .
calphurnia , my wife , is keeping me at home .
this dream has been interpreted all wrong .
it was a good and lucky vision .
this is what calphurnia ’ s dream means .
you ’ ve offered an excellent interpretation .
i will have when you hear the rest of what i have to say .
the senate has decided to give mighty caesar a crown today .
if you send them word that you won ’ t come , they might change their minds .
how foolish your fears seem now , calphurnia !
i ’ m ashamed that i yielded to them .
give me my robe , because i ’ m going .
and look , here ’ s publius , come to fetch me .
caesar , the clock has struck eight .
i thank you all for your trouble and courtesy .
and to you , most noble caesar .
i ’ m to blame for making you wait for me .
remember to see me today .
stay near me so i ’ ll remember .
good friends , go in and have some wine with me .
and we ’ ll leave together , like friends .
i ’ m here , my lord .
when caesar says “ do this , ” it is done .
continue , then , and don ’ t forget to perform all of the rituals .
caesar , beware of brutus .
don ’ t go near casca .
keep an eye on cinna .
don ’ t trust trebonius .
pay attention to metellus cimber .
decius brutus doesn ’ t love you .
you ’ ve wronged caius ligarius .
these men all have one intention , and it ’ s directed against caesar .
if you aren ’ t immortal , watch those around you .
a sense of security opens the door to conspiracy .
i pray that the mighty gods defend you !
if you read this , caesar , you might live .
if not , the fates are on the side of the traitors .
boy , i beg you to run to the senate house .
don ’ t stay to answer me—get going .
i want you there and back again before i can even tell you what you should do there .
madam , what should i do ?
run to the capitol and nothing else ?
and then return to you and nothing else ?
yes , return and tell me if your master looks well , because he was sick when he left .
and pay attention to what caesar does and which men are close to him .
what ’ s that noise ?
i don ’ t hear anything , madam .
i beg you , listen well .
truly , madam , i don ’ t hear anything .
where are you coming from ?
my own house , good lady .
around nine o'clock , madam .
has caesar gone to the capital yet ?
i ’ m going to stand so i can see him pass on the way to the capitol .
you have some plea for caesar , don ’ t you ?
yes , i do , lady .
why , do you know of any harm intended toward him ?
nothing that i know for sure , but a lot that i ’ m afraid might happen .
the street is narrow here .
i ’ ll move to a more open place and there speak to great caesar as he walks past .
yes , caesar , but it ’ s not gone yet .
oh , caesar , read mine first , for my petition affects you more directly .
read it , great caesar .
whatever pertains to myself i will deal with last .
don ’ t delay , caesar .
what , is the man insane ?
what ’ s going on here ?
stop it , i order you .
the next person to strike again dies .
what ’ s going on here ?
these are the messengers from my sister and the king .
what are you fighting about ?
i ’ m out of breath , sir .
that ’ s an odd thing to say .
how can a tailor make a person ?
definitely a tailor , sir .
but tell me what you ’ re fighting about .
don ’ t you have any manners , you savage ?
yes , sir , but not when i ’ m enraged .
are you laughing at what i say , as if i were a fool ?
are you insane , old man ?
why are you calling him a jerk ?
what did he do to you ?
i don ’ t like his face .
but maybe you don ’ t like mine , or his , or hers either .
no flattery for him , no sir !
he ’ s honest , he ’ s got to speak the truth .
if people take what he says , fine .
if not , he ’ s got truth on his side !
i tried to stop speaking plainly , since you dislike plain speech so much .
sir , i know i ’ m not a flatterer .
i never offended him at all .
these cowards manage to make fools of brave men .
don ’ t put me in the stocks .
i serve the king , who sent me here .
i swear on my life and honor , he ’ ll sit here in the stocks until noon .
only until noon , my lord ?
no , the whole day , and all night too .
ma'am , you wouldn ’ t treat me like this if i were your father ’ s dog .
but since you ’ re his scoundrel servant , i will .
i beg you not to do this , my lord .
he ’ s done wrong , and his master the king will punish him for it .
the king will be offended to find out that his messenger is so badly treated .
i ’ ll take responsibility for that .
i ’ m sorry , my friend .
i ’ ll try talking to him again .
please don ’ t , sir .
even good men have bad luck .
it ’ s wrong for the duke to do this .
the king will be angry with him .
but do you mean what you ’ re saying ?
so young and so cruel ?
so young , my lord , and honest .
then that ’ s the way it ’ ll be .
the truth will be all the inheritance you get .
but sir— be quiet , kent .
i heard myself declared an outlaw and escaped capture by hiding in the trunk of a hollow tree .
every town and port is crawling with henchmen on the lookout , waiting to capture me .
well , at least that ’ s something .
as edgar , i ’ m nothing at all .
it ’ s strange that regan and her husband left their house without sending back my messenger .
according to what i heard , they had no travel plans as of last night .
are you sitting around in this humiliation to amuse yourself ?
that ’ s a nasty garter belt .
no , no , they wouldn ’ t .
they couldn ’ t , they wouldn ’ t .
it ’ s worse than murder to humiliate a king ’ s messenger like this .
my lord , when i arrived at their home i gave them your letter .
he woke up the whole house with his loud and cowardly screams .
that ’ s why your daughter and son-in-law are punishing me shamefully .
fathers who wear rags make their children neglect them .
but fathers who are rich make their children kind .
lady luck is a fickle whore and never gives the poor a break .
i feel my stomach squeezing up against my heart .
inside , sir , with the earl .
don ’ t follow me .
you didn ’ t do anything else to earn this punishment ?
tell me , why did the king arrive with such a small entourage ?
everyone can see that , and even blind men can smell the stench of his misery now .
but if you see a wheel going uphill , latch on for the ride .
i only want idiots following my advice , the advice of a fool .
but i ’ ll linger .
and let the wise man run away .
where did you learn that song , fool ?
not in the stocks , fool .
how can they refuse to speak with me ?
they ’ re playing with me .
my dear lord , you know how passionately stubborn the duke is .
damn it all to hell !
gloucester , gloucester , i want to speak with the duke of cornwall and his wife .
my lord , i informed them as much .
do you understand what i ’ m saying , man ?
the king wants to speak with cornwall .
did you inform them of that ?
the “ passionate ” duke ?
tell the hot-headed duke that i… but no , not yet .
maybe he ’ s not feeling well .
i just want everything to be all right between you .
oh , my heart , my heart is rising into my throat !
that ’ s right , uncle , talk to your heart , like the good morning to you both .
i ’ m glad to see your highness .
i believe you are , regan .
you know why i think so ?
my dear regan , your sister ’ s not worth anything .
oh , regan , she ’ s torn me apart with unkindness , like a vulture , right here .
calm down , sir , please .
i can ’ t believe my sister would neglect her obligations in any way .
sir , you ’ re old .
your life is stretched to its limit .
please go back to goneril ’ s house .
go back to my sister ’ s .
shush , sir , please !
i hope lightning strikes her in the eyes !
i hope poisonous swampy fog covers her face and ruins her complexion !
that ’ s how you ’ ll talk about me when you ’ re in this mood .
her eyes are vicious , but yours are comforting .
you haven ’ t forgotten the half of a kingdom i gave you .
sir , let ’ s get to the point .
call the duke of burgundy .
let your anger fall on me then , even if its sharpness pierces my heart .
kent can speak rudely when lear goes mad .
what are you doing , old man ?
when a majestic king starts acting silly , then it ’ s my duty to be blunt .
what ’ s that trumpet ?
she ’ ll be here soon , just like her letter said .
what do you mean , your highness ?
who put my servant in the stocks ?
regan , i hope you didn ’ t know anything about that.—ah , who ’ s this ?
why shouldn ’ t she take my hand , father ?
how exactly have i offended you ?
i sent him there , sir , but his crimes deserved a worse punishment .
please , father , since you ’ re weak , act like it .
get rid of half your knights and go back to spend the rest of your month with my sister .
right now i ’ m away from home and i can ’ t provide you with proper care .
i ’ d rather be a slave or a packhorse for this hateful stablehand here .
as you wish , sir .
i beg you , daughter , don ’ t make me crazy .
i won ’ t bother you .
we ’ ll never see each other again .
you ’ re a pustule , a sore , a tumor digesting my bloodline .
but i ’ ll stop rebuking you .
i won ’ t beg the gods to punish you , or caution you to fear their judgment .
person when you ’ re ready , if you ’ re inclined .
i ’ ll wait patiently .
meanwhile i ’ ll stay with regan with my hundred knights .
it ’ s not quite that simple .
i wasn ’ t expecting you , and i ’ m not ready to receive you .
please hear what goneril is saying .
how could so many people , under two masters , get along under one roof ?
it would be hard , almost impossible .
why couldn ’ t you be attended by my servants , or by regan ’ s ?
yes , why not , my lord ?
then if they ’ re negligent , we could control them .
i won ’ t lodge any more than that under my roof .
i gave you everything— and it was about time too .
why should i now have to make do with only twenty-five ?
regan , is that what you said ?
yes , i ’ ll say it again , my lord .
not being the worst daughter deserves some praise , i guess .
hear me out , my lord .
why do you need even one ?
oh , don ’ t ask me why i “ need ” them !
you ’ re a well-dressed lady .
oh , gods , give me patience !
you expect me to cry ?
well , i won ’ t .
let ’ s go inside .
there ’ s going to be a storm .
this is a small house .
there ’ s no room for the old man and his followers .
it ’ s his fault that he ’ s all worked up like this .
he has to pay the price for his foolish actions .
that ’ s what i intend to do too .
he followed the old man .
where ’ s he going ?
he has called for his horse , but i don ’ t know where he ’ s headed .
it ’ s best just to let him go .
he won ’ t listen to anyone ’ s advice .
there ’ s hardly a bush for miles around .
oh , sir , impetuous people learn their lessons from the consequences of their foolish actions .
his attendants are desperate , violent men .
lock the doors , my lord .
it ’ s a wild night .
come in out of the storm .
who ’ s there , aside from this foul weather ?
someone whose mood is as foul as the weather , very troubled .
where ’ s the king ?
struggling with the wind and rain .
but who ’ s with him ?
sir , i know you , and i trust you enough to share something very important with you .
now this is where you come in .
let ’ s discuss it some more .
let me shake your hand .
do you have anything else to tell me ?
let tornadoes spew water until the steeples of our churches and the weathervanes are all drowned .
let quick sulfurous lightning , strong enough to split enormous trees , singe the white hair on my head .
please , uncle , let ’ s go in and ask your daughters to forgive you .
this storm has no pity for either wise men or fools .
the rain , the wind , the thunder and lightning are not my daughters .
nature , i don ’ t accuse your weather of unkindness .
so go ahead and have your terrifying fun .
here i am , your slave—a poor , sick , weak , hated old man .
anyone who has a house to cover his head has a good head on his shoulders .
on my life i swear to you that your youngest daughter doesn ’ t love you least .
kent , if you want to stay alive , stop talking .
get out of my sight !
listen to me , you traitor .
for there never was a pretty woman who didn ’ t like to preen in the mirror .
no , i ’ ll be patient .
i won ’ t say a word .
a wise man and a fool .
let the gods who stirred up this dreadful storm bring their enemies to light .
it will give you some protection from this storm .
they are harder than the stones the house is made of .
i ’ m starting to lose my mind .
that ’ s true , my good boy.—come on , take us to that hut .
i ’ ll recite a prophecy before i go .
and whoever lives to see that day will walk with his feet .
this is the prophecy that the wizard
oh , oh , edmund , i don ’ t like this monstrous business .
that ’ s uncivilized and unnatural !
there ’ s a feud between the two dukes .
it ’ s dangerous to talk about it .
i ’ ve locked it up in my room .
the humiliation that the king is suffering now will be revenged thoroughly .
armed forces have already landed .
we have to take the king ’ s side .
i ’ ll look for him and secretly help him .
you go and talk to the duke so he won ’ t notice i ’ m helping the king .
if he asks to see me , tell him i ’ m sick and went to bed .
even if i have to die—as they threaten—i have to help the king .
strange things are about to happen , edmund .
and i ’ ll tell him about the letter too .
the young generation rises while the old one falls .
here ’ s the hut , my lord .
the night ’ s too rough for humans to bear .
leave me for a bit .
my lord , here is the entrance .
will you break my heart ?
i ’ d rather break my own heart .
you think it ’ s a big deal that this fierce storm is soaking me to the skin .
it ’ s a big deal to you .
but whenever you feel a larger pain , the smaller one disappears .
when your mind is at peace , your body is sensitive to the elements .
isn ’ t their ingratitude like the mouth biting the hand that feeds it ?
but i ’ ll punish them thoroughly .
no , i won ’ t cry any more .
imagine them locking me out on a night like this !
but let it rain ; i ’ ll survive .
on a night like this !
i want to avoid that .
no more of these thoughts .
my lord , please go inside here .
this storm protects me from thoughts that would hurt me more .
but i ’ ll go in .
go out and feel what the impoverished feel .
don ’ t come in here , uncle !
there ’ s a spirit in here !
help me , help me !
a ghost , a ghost !
he says his name ’ s poor tom .
who are you , moaning in the hut like that ?
the devil ’ s after me !
the cold wind blows through the hawthorn trees .
get into your cold beds and warm yourselves up .
did you give everything to your two daughters and end up like this ?
oh do-de , do-de , do-de .
god protect you from tornadoes , evil stars , and diseases !
take pity on poor tom , who is persecuted by the devil .
there ! … and over there ! … and over there !
have his daughters made him crazy like this ? —couldn ’ t you have kept something for yourself ?
did you have to give them everything ?
if he hadn ’ t , we ’ d all be embarrassed to look at him .
then may your daughters be cursed with all the horrible fates that await sinners !
he doesn ’ t have any daughters , sir .
nothing but cruel daughters could have degraded him like this .
is it fashionable now for neglected fathers to get so little pity ?
i ’ m the one who fathered those bloodsucking daughters .
this stormy night will turn us all into fools and madmen .
what were you before this ?
i loved wine and gambling , and had more women than a turkish sultan keeps in his harem .
the cold wind ’ s still blowing through the hawthorn tree .
please calm down , uncle .
this is a nasty night to go swimming .
look , here comes a walking fire .
this is the devil flibbertigibbet .
he gets up at nightfall and wanders around till dawn .
and go away , witch , go away .
how are you , your highness ?
calm down , smulkin , you fiend !
he ’ s called modo and mahu .
poor tom ’ s chilly .
come back to my house with me .
i couldn ’ t bear to obey all of your daughters ' harsh orders .
first let me talk with this philosopher here.—
now get out of here !
i swear by jupiter i ’ ll never revoke this punishment .
here are the rulers of france and burgundy , my lord .
my lord the ruler of burgundy , i ’ ll speak to you first .
you ’ ve been competing with this king for my daughter .
let me ask you something in private .
his daughters want to kill him .
ah , good old kent said this would happen—that poor , banished man .
you say the king is losing his mind .
let me tell you , my friend , i ’ m almost insane myself .
i had a son , whom i ’ ve legally disowned .
he tried to kill me recently , very recently .
i loved him , as much as any father ever loved his son .
excuse me , sir.— tom ’ s chilly .
come on , let ’ s all go inside .
this way , my lord .
come on , my dear greek philosopher .
i ’ ll get my revenge before i leave this house .
how unlucky am i , having to apologize for doing the right thing !
come with me to see the duchess .
if this letter ’ s right , you ’ ve got a lot to deal with .
right or not , it ’ s made you the earl of gloucester .
i put my trust in you .
it ’ s better here than outside .
i ’ ll do what i can to make you even more comfortable .
i won ’ t be gone long .
he can ’ t bear his grief and so he ’ s losing his mind .
may god reward you for your kindness !
he ’ s a king , a king !
i see regan and goneril in hell—a thousand hissing devils with sizzling red pitchforks come up to them !
the nasty devil ’ s biting my butt .
i ’ ll do it .
the devil sings like a nightingale to haunt poor tom .
the demon hoppedance is in tom ’ s belly , crying for some fish to eat .
i ’ ve got no food to give you .
let ’ s have the evidence .
let ’ s give a fair verdict .
she can ’ t deny it .
and here ’ s regan , whose grotesque face betrays her twisted heart .
you corrupt judge , why did you let her escape ?
look at the three little dogs , tray , blanch , and sweetheart—all barking at me .
tom will chase them off.—go away , you mongrels !
whether you bite to kill , mastiff , greyhound , or ugly mutt ,
with one little toss of his head , he can scare you off for good .
whether your mouth is black or white , do-dee , dee-dee da .
run off , go visit fairs and festivals !
poor tom , your cup is empty .
is there any natural cause for hardening of the heart ?
please lie down and rest a while , my lord .
be quiet , be quiet .
draw the curtains , just like that .
we ’ ll have supper in the morning .
and i ’ ll go to bed at noon .
he ’ s here , sir , but please don ’ t bother him .
he ’ s out of his right mind .
please get him , my friend , i beg you .
come on , come on .
the person who suffers alone suffers the most .
companions in sorrow alleviate our grief .
let ’ s go , tom .
whatever else happens tonight , i hope the king escapes safely !
leave him to my wrath.—edmund , go with my sister-in-law .
you shouldn ’ t have to see the punishment we inflict on your father .
tell the duke of albany to prepare for war immediately .
we will do the same .
we ’ ll keep the lines of communication open between us .
where ’ s the king ?
lord gloucester has helped him leave .
prepare the horses for your lady .
goodbye , my sweet lord.—goodbye , my sister .
go find the traitor gloucester .
tie him up like a thief and bring him here to me .
tie up his withered old arms .
my friends , remember that you ’ re my guests here .
don ’ t play any nasty tricks on me .
tie him up , i tell you .
your highness , i want nothing more than what you ’ ve already offered .
i know you ’ ll offer nothing less than that .
there she is , over there .
i don ’ t know what to say .
so do you take her or leave her ?
then leave her , sir .
tie him up harder.—you filthy traitor !
i ’ m not a traitor , unfair lady .
as old and white-haired as you are , and you ’ re such a traitor ?
this is no way to treat a host who has welcomed you into his house .
what do you think you ’ re doing ?
tell us about the letters that you got from france .
get to the point , since we already know the truth .
and what ’ s your connection with the traitors who landed in our kingdom recently ?
the ones you ’ ve sent our lunatic king to .
it came from a neutral party , not from someone opposed to you .
where have you sent the king ?
weren ’ t you ordered , on penalty of— why dover ? —let him answer that question first .
i ’ m backed into a corner with nowhere to run .
and the poor old man just wept , mixing his tears with the rain .
but soon i ’ ll see the gods punish you for your lack of respect to your father .
oh , help me , anyone who wants to live long !
now he ’ s a little crooked .
what ’ s this , you dog ?
i am willing to fight you if i must .
what do you mean by all this ?
i am dying ! —my lord , you still have one eye left to see cornwall punished .
where ’ s your sparkle now ?
where ’ s my son edmund ?
you ’ re appealing to a son who hates you .
he ’ s too good to have any compassion for you .
what a fool i ’ ve been !
this means i ’ ve mistreated edgar .
he can sniff his way to dover .
follow me , madam.—throw the blind traitor outside .
and throw this dead peasant into the manure pit.—regan , i ’ m bleeding .
it ’ s a bad time for such an injury .
if our criminal master gets off free , i won ’ t care what happens to me anymore .
if she lives a long and happy life , then all women may as well turn into monsters .
as a wandering lunatic , he can do whatever he wants .
i ’ ll get some cloth and egg whites to bandage his bleeding face .
at the bottom , any change is for the better .
so i welcome this wind freely .
my father , led by a poor peasant ?
oh , life is full of surprises !
we age and die because they wear us out .
i ’ ve rented land from you and your father for eighty years .
away , get out of here .
leave me , my friend .
but you can ’ t see where you ’ re going , sir .
i don ’ t have anywhere to go , so i don ’ t need to see .
when i could see , i didn ’ t always see clearly .
i was reminded of my son , even though i despised my son at that time .
is that the naked guy ?
but sir , he ’ s crazy .
it ’ s the tragedy of our times that lunatics must lead the blind .
do as i asked you .
or rather , do what you feel like doing .
hey , naked guy— poor tom ’ s chilly .
do you know the way to dover ?
poor tom has been scared out of his mind .
there ’ s a cliff there that leans precariously over the deep sea .
take me to the edge of it , and i ’ ll reward all your troubles with something valuable .
once i ’ m there , i won ’ t need a guide anymore .
poor tom will take you there .
i ’ m surprised my bland husband didn ’ t meet me on the way here .
where ’ s your master ?
but it ’ d take a miracle to make me believe she could do anything that horrible .
love ’ s not love when it gets mixed up with irrelevant outside matters .
she herself is as valuable as any dowry could ever be .
i ’ m at your service until death .
what a man ! —especially compared to my husband .
edmund , you deserve me to be your woman .
there ’ s a fool sharing my bed now .
ma'am , my master ’ s coming .
so you finally find me worthy of your attentions .
goneril , you aren ’ t worth the dust the wind blows in your face .
i don ’ t trust you .
you can ’ t trust anyone who abuses her own father , her flesh and blood .
she will wither and come to a bad end .
bad people can ’ t appreciate wisdom or goodness .
they only like things as bad as themselves .
what have you two sisters done ?
you ’ re tigers , not daughters .
could my good brother-in-law—a man to whom the
shame on you , warped hag !
your true demonic features are distorting your body .
if i let myself do what i yearn to , i ’ d rip the flesh off your bones .
but i won ’ t attack a woman , even if she is a demon .
i sneeze on your manhood .
what news do you bring ?
there ’ s justice in heaven after all !
that these crimes are punished so quickly is proof .
but oh , poor glou-cester !
did he lose his other eye ?
he lost both , my lord.—ma'am , this letter is from your sister , and needs an immediate answer .
he was on his way here with your wife .
but he isn ’ t here now .
he was the one who denounced his father .
what else you do know ?
do you know why the king of france suddenly went back home ?
it was urgent and important enough to require his personal presence .
whom did he leave in charge here ?
the marshal of france , monsieur la far .
was queen cordelia aggrieved by the letters you delivered ?
she seemed to be trying to control her emotions , which were overwhelming her .
so she was moved by it ?
if everyone looked so lovely in their sorrow , then sorrow would be highly prized .
she didn ’ t ask anything ?
once she exclaimed , “ sisters , sisters , shame on you !
kent , father , sisters !
what , out in a storm in the middle of the night ?
i can ’ t believe it. ” the tears fell from her eyes like holy water .
then she ran away to grieve alone .
have you not spoken to her since then ?
did this happen before the king of france returned home ?
he ’ s too overwhelmed with shame .
all those memories pain his mind so deeply that guilt and shame keep him away from cordelia .
oh , the poor man !
have you heard about albany ’ s and cornwall ’ s troops ?
they ’ re on the march .
well , sir , i ’ ll take you to lear and have you stay with him a while .
i have important business that requires me to remain in disguise a while longer .
sadly , it ’ s the king that ’ s missing .
there is a way , ma'am .
then i ’ ll water all those precious herbs with my tears to make them grow .
may they relieve a sick old man ’ s suffering .
go find those herbs for him , before his madness puts his life in danger .
i have news , ma'am .
the british forces are on their way here .
our forces are ready for them .
oh , father , i ’ m taking care of your business .
that ’ s why the king of france listened to my pleas and tears .
i hope i see him and hear him again soon .
have my brother-in-law ’ s troops been mobilized ?
is he there in person ?
yes , making a big fuss .
your sister ’ s the better soldier of the two .
lord edmund didn ’ t speak to your master at home ?
what could my sister ’ s letter to him say ?
i don ’ t know , ma'am .
he rushed away on serious business .
it was a huge mistake to let old gloucester live after we blinded him .
wherever he goes , he inspires compassion and people turn against us .
and also to find out the size of the enemy army .
i have to follow him and give him the letter .
our troops are deployed tomorrow .
it ’ s dangerous out there .
peace to you , my lord of burgundy .
since you love money and power so much , i won ’ t be your wife .
she ’ s no longer my daughter , and i ’ ll never see her face again .
say goodbye to your sisters .
i can ’ t , ma'am .
my lady ordered me to deliver her letter .
why would she write to edmund ?
it probably has something to do with… i don ’ t know .
ma'am , i ’ d rather— i know your lady goneril doesn ’ t love her husband .
i ’ m sure of that .
and when she was here recently she flirted with edmund and gave him significant glances .
i know she trusts you and tells you everything .
i know what i ’ m talking about .
so i recommend you take note of what i ’ m about to say .
edmund and i have talked , and it makes more sense for him to marry me than goneril .
you can figure out the rest .
when will we get to the top of that cliff ?
the ground feels flat to me .
no , it ’ s dreadfully steep .
no , really , i don ’ t .
then your other senses must be getting worse because of the trauma of blindness .
you ’ re mistaken about all that .
the only thing different about me is my clothes .
i think you ’ re more articulate .
it ’ s so scary to look down !
the crows flying down below look as small as ants .
halfway down the cliff there ’ s somebody clinging to the rock and gathering wild herbs—a risky business !
that big ship over there looks no bigger
up here you can ’ t even hear the waves crashing against the rocks .
lead me to where you ’ re standing .
you ’ re now within a foot of the cliff ’ s edge .
let go of my hand .
oh , you mighty gods !
go away and let me die .
you just fell the height of ten ship masts , straight down .
it ’ s a miracle you ’ re alive .
but did i fall or not ?
you fell from the terrifying top of this chalk cliff .
look for yourself—see the top of the cliff way up there ?
the lark shrilly singing up there is too far away to be heard .
it used to be the last ditch comfort of miserable people .
can you feel your legs ?
what was that thing i saw moving away from you up on the cliff before you fell ?
that was a poor unlucky beggar .
from down here , i thought his eyes looked like full moons .
he had a thousand noses and twisted horns , like wave crests in a storm at sea .
i thought that thing you ’ re talking about was a man .
cheer up and be at peace .
i ’ m the king himself .
piece of cheese will get him.—i challenge you to a match .
oh , that arrow was well shot .
goneril with a white beard ?
i tell you , they are not honest men .
they told me i was everything .
i recognize something about that voice .
isn ’ t that the king ?
yes , every inch a king .
what are you accused of ?
i ’ ll commute your death sentence .
little birds do it , and dragonflies copulate right in front of me .
get to it , be lustful , sleep around—i need soldiers for my army .
women are sex machines below the waist , though they ’ re chaste up above .
that ’ s where hell is , and darkness , and fires and stench !
give me an aphrodisiac , pharmacist .
there ’ s money in it for you .
oh , let me kiss his hand !
let me wipe it off first .
i remember your eyes quite well .
are you squinting at me ?
oh ho , is that what you ’ re getting at ?
no eyes in your head til there ’ s money in your wallet ?
what , are you crazy ?
you don ’ t need eyes to see how the world works .
look how the judge yells at a simple thief .
have you seen a farmer ’ s dog bark at a beggar ?
and you saw how the beggar ran from the mutt ?
you stupid cop , stop your violence !
why are you whipping that whore ?
you can ’ t blame anyone for it anyone , i say .
i ’ ll vouch for that .
believe me , my friend , since i have the power to stop the prosecutors .
if you want to cry over my bad luck , i ’ ll give you my eyes .
your name ’ s gloucester .
you have to be patient with me .
the first time we see the world as newborns , we cry and scream .
i ’ ll read you a sermon .
that ’ s a nice hat you ’ ve got there .
how ingenious to make horseshoes out of felt .
i ’ ll test it out .
what , i ’ m a prisoner ?
there ’ s a ransom .
you can have anything you want .
will no one back me up ?
that would make anyone cry enough to water his garden with his tears .
i ’ ll die you ’ re of royal blood , and we obey you .
then there ’ s still a chance .
but you ’ ll have to catch me !
catch me if you can !
sa , sa , sa , sa .
in a king , the sight is unbearable .
how do you do , sir .
how can i help you ?
have you heard any news of impending battle ?
everyone who can hear has heard about it .
could you tell me how near the enemy is ?
very near , and approaching fast .
the main body of the army is expected here any hour now .
that ’ s all i wanted to know .
don ’ t tell us what our duty is .
time will tell what you ’ ve got up your sleeve .
come with me , my dear cordelia .
sister , i have a lot to say about things that concern us both .
i think that our father will leave here tonight .
yes , i ’ m sure he will—to stay with you .
next month he ’ ll stay with us .
he ’ s so flighty in his old age , as we keep noticing .
he has always loved cordelia best , and his bad judgment in disowning her now is obvious .
the queen is here on special business , and her army has moved on .
gentle gods in heaven , please let me die .
don ’ t tempt me to suicide again .
and who are you , good sir ?
i ’ m a poor man who ’ s been humbled by many misfortunes .
that blind head of yours was created to make me rich .
you old traitor , repent all your sins .
i hope you ’ re strong enough to do it .
whoa , man , you dare to support someone who ’ s been proclaimed a traitor ?
get out of here , before his bad luck infects you too .
let go of his arm .
let go of him , peasant , or you die !
i ’ ll knock your teeth out , sir .
to hell with your sword .
you ’ re a hardworking villain who ’ d do anything his evil mistress wanted him to .
let ’ s look in his pockets .
the letters he spoke of may help me .
i ’ m just sorry i had to be the one to kill him .
let ’ s see here .
come on , envelope , open up for me .
reading their mail isn ’ t as bad .
don ’ t forget the vows we made to each other .
it ’ d be better to be delirious and unaware of anything .
i think i hear the drums far away .
come , father , i ’ ll leave you at a friend ’ s house .
oh , kent , what could i ever do to become as good as you are ?
i won ’ t live long enough , and all my efforts will fail me .
just being thanked is more than enough for me , madam .
i hope all reports about me simply tell the truth , no more or less .
all right , my lord.—how ’ s the king doing ?
he ’ s still sleeping , ma'am .
would you mind if we woke up the king ?
he ’ s slept a long time .
is he in his royal garments ?
stay close by when we wake him up , ma'am .
i ’ m sure he will stay under control .
please come closer.— make the music louder , please !
if you hadn ’ t been their father , your white hair would have inspired in them only compassion .
and were you then happy to find shelter on a bed of hay along with swine and homeless bums ?
you talk to him , ma'am .
that ’ s most appropriate .
how are you , my royal lord ?
how is your majesty doing ?
you do me wrong by taking me out of the grave .
even my tears burn me like molten lead .
sir , do you know who i am ?
you ’ re a spirit , i know .
let him be for a bit .
i ’ ve been tricked .
i would die of pity to see someone else in my condition .
i don ’ t know what to say .
i can ’ t even be sure these are my hands .
i wish i knew what is happening .
please don ’ t make fun of me .
to put it plainly , i ’ m afraid i ’ m not quite sane .
i feel i should recognize you and that man
i can ’ t recall where i slept last night .
don ’ t laugh at me , but i swear i think this lady is my child cordelia .
and i am , i am .
yes , indeed they are .
please don ’ t cry .
if you have poison for me , i ’ ll drink it .
but you didn ’ t , even though you had every reason .
i had no reason , no reason .
you ’ re in your own kingdom , sir .
don ’ t deceive me .
you can relax , ma'am .
his insane period is over .
but it ’ s dangerous to make him try to make sense of the time he lost .
ask him to go in .
don ’ t trouble him further until his mind is more settled .
would your highness like to take a walk ?
you ’ ll have to bear with me .
i ’ m old and foolish .
is it true , sir , that the duke of cornwall was killed as they say ?
yes , it ’ s true , sir .
who is leading his men ?
they say gloucester ’ s bastard son is .
i hear that edgar , gloucester ’ s exiled son , is with the earl of kent in germany .
you can ’ t trust all the rumors .
it ’ s time to reassess the situation .
the british troops are coming near .
it will likely be a bloody fight .
i ’ m afraid that may be the case , madam .
now , my sweet lord , you know how much i like you .
tell me truthfully , do you love my sister ?
no , i swear on my honor , i haven ’ t , madam .
he ’ s going senile .
but then again he ’ s never really understood his own feelings very well .
yes , he was hotheaded even in the prime of his life .
we ’ ll probably witness many more outbursts from him , like banishing kent .
there ’ s still the king of france ’ s farewell ceremony .
let ’ s put our heads together .
we ’ ll have to think about it carefully .
we have to strike while the iron ’ s hot .
i can ’ t stand her .
please , my lord , don ’ t be friendly with her .
don ’ t worry about me.—your sister and the duke are here .
why are we talking about this ?
then let ’ s meet with our senior command and discuss what to do next .
i ’ ll meet you at your tent .
goneril , are you coming with us ?
it ’ s the best thing to do .
wait until i read the letter .
i was ordered not to .
when the time comes , tell the herald to blow the trumpet and i ’ ll return .
i ’ ll take a look at your letter .
we ’ ll be ready when the time comes .
which one of them should i pick ?
i can ’ t enjoy either of them as long as the other one ’ s alive .
if i ever come back , i ’ ll bring you good news .
we have to get out of here , old man .
let me help you up .
he and his daughter are captured .
i can ’ t go any further , sir .
and that ’ s true too .
officers , take them away .
guard them carefully until we decide how to punish them .
no , no , no , no !
come on , let ’ s go to prison .
the two of us together will sing like birds in a cage .
in prison we ’ ll outlast hordes of rulers that will come and go as their fortunes change .
my cordelia , even the gods admire how much you ’ ve sacrificed for me .
have i hugged you yet ?
our jailers will shrivel up with old age before they make us cry again .
we ’ ll watch them starve to death first .
i ’ ll do it , sir .
when you ’ ve finished , you ’ ll be a happy man .
go immediately , and do exactly as i wrote down .
i can ’ t pull a cart or eat dried oats like a horse .
if it ’ s work for a man , i ’ ll do it .
i sent the french queen with him too , for the same reason .
we need a more appropriate place to discuss cordelia and her father .
that ’ s for to me to decide .
he ’ d really be your proxy if he married you .
you ’ re so infatuated with him that you ’ re hallucinating .
are you trying to sleep with him ?
nor is it up to you , my lord .
yes it is , you half-blood .
you ’ ve got a sword , gloucester .
oh , i ’ m sick , sick !
i feel sicker and sicker .
she ’ s not feeling well .
take her to my tent .
come here , herald.—let the trumpet sound ! —read this out .
all right then , legitimate brother edgar , i have to have your lands .
look out , i ’ m on my way up .
kent ’ s been banished just like that ?
all this so suddenly ? —edmund , what ’ s going on ?
what ’ s the news ?
i ’ ve lost my name and title to a traitor .
but i ’ m as noble as my opponent .
who ’ s the spokesman for edmund , earl of gloucester ?
i ’ m my own spokesman .
what do you have to say to me ?
normally i would ask you what your name is first .
still fight you and embed your lies back in your hellish heart.—trumpets , blow !
you were tricked into fighting , gloucester .
according to the laws of war , you didn ’ t have to fight a stranger .
i make the laws , not you .
who can prosecute me for it ?
don ’ t ask me what i know .
i ’ ve done everything you accuse me of—and more , much more .
you ’ ll find out everything in due time .
it ’ s all over now , and so am i. let ’ s forgive each other .
i ’ m no less noble than you are , edmund .
if i ’ m more noble than you , you ’ ve done me wrong .
my name is edgar , and i ’ m your father ’ s son .
the gods are fair , and they use our little vices to punish us .
i swear i never hated you or your father !
where have you been hiding ?
how did you know what happened to your poor father ?
listen to my little story , and when it ’ s done , oh , my heart will break !
to escape the decree condemning me
i became his guide , i led him and begged for him , and kept him from suicide .
your words have moved me , and maybe it ’ ll do some good .
you look like you have something more to say .
if there ’ s anything more sorrowful left to add , keep it to yourself .
i ’ m almost ready to break down hearing this much .
this may have seemed like the pinnacle of sadness , but if i went on i could outdo it .
then i heard the trumpets blow twice , and left him there in a trance .
but who was that man ?
help , help , oh , help !
what kind of help do you need ?
what is that bloody knife ?
it ’ s still warm from the cut .
it was just removed from from the heart of—oh , she ’ s dead !
your wife , sir , your wife .
and her sister ’ s dead too , poisoned by your wife .
i was engaged to both of them .
all three of us will marry now in death .
i thought the king preferred the duke of albany to the duke of cornwall .
we used to think so too .
yes , i ’ ve been responsible for his upbringing .
do you smell something naughty ?
well , i wouldn ’ t want to undo the naughtiness , since the boy turned out so well .
oh , is that kent ?
i ’ ve come to say farewell to my king and master .
isn ’ t he here ?
what an enormous thing for us to forget ! —edmund , tell us , where ’ s the king ?
and where ’ s cordelia ? — do you see this , kent ?
oh , why is this so ?
still , edmund was beloved .
one of the sisters poisoned the other out of love for me , and then killed herself .
i wish i could live longer .
i want to do a little good despite my evil nature .
go quickly—hurry—to the castle , for i ’ ve given orders to have lear and cordelia killed .
hurry , send someone immediately !
run , run , oh , run !
whom should we look for in the castle ? —whose job is it ?
send something along to prove you ’ re withdrawing the orders .
the captain—give it to the captain .
run as if your life depended on it .
heaven help her ! —get him out of here for now .
howl , howl , howl , howl !
oh , you men are made of stone !
she ’ s gone forever .
i know how to tell when someone is alive or dead .
she ’ s as dead as the cold ground .
let me borrow a mirror .
if her breath steams up the glass , then she ’ s alive .
or just a foretaste of it ?
let the world collapse around us .
this feather moved because of her breath .
if that ’ s true , it makes up for all the sorrows i ’ ve ever known .
oh , my good master !
it ’ s noble kent , your friend .
curse you all , you ’ re all murderers and traitors !
i could have saved her .
now she ’ s gone forever.—cordelia , cordelia , stay a while .
it ’ s true , my lords , he did .
but i ’ m old now , and suffering has weakened me .
aren ’ t you kent ?
he ’ s a good fellow , i can tell you that much .
he ’ s dead and rotting in the dirt now .
no , my lord , that was me .
i ’ m the one who— i ’ ll get right on that .
followed you on your sad wanderings , ever since your bad luck began .
it was me , no one else .
everything is gloomy , dark , and dreadful .
your eldest daughters destroyed themselves and died in despair .
yes , i think that ’ s true .
he doesn ’ t know what he ’ s saying .
edmund is dead , my lord .
and my poor he ’ s fainted.—my lord , my lord !
don ’ t disturb his soul .
let it go up to heaven .
oh , he ’ s really gone .
what ’ s amazing is how long he lasted .
our business now is mourning and grief .
why are you hiding that letter ?
i don ’ t have any news to report , my lord .
what ’ s that paper you were reading ?
it ’ s nothing , my lord .
then why did you have to stick it in your pocket in such a hurry ?
if it were nothing , you wouldn ’ t need to hide it .
please , sir , i beg you .
it ’ s a letter from my brother that i haven ’ t finished reading yet .
give me that letter , sir .
now i ’ ll offend you whether i give it to you or not .
the problem is in what the letter says , as far as i can tell .
i hope for my brother ’ s sake that he just wrote it to test my honor .
i will have to go on a journey to death soon , sir .
my master ’ s calling me .
i can ’ t say no .
we must remember the gravity of this sad day .
we should speak what we feel , not what we ought to say .
come talk to me about this .
how could he have even entertained these thoughts in his heart ?
how did you get this letter ?
nobody delivered it , my lord .
that ’ s what ’ s clever about it .
it was tossed into the window of my room .
you ’ re sure the handwriting is your brother ’ s ?
if he ’ d written nice things , i ’ d swear yes right away .
but as it stands , i wish i could believe it wasn ’ t .
but it is his handwriting ?
has he ever tested out these ideas on you before ?
oh , what a villain !
that ’ s just what he said in the letter .
i ’ ll arrest him .
i ’ m not sure , my lord .
he can ’ t possibly be such a monster— and i ’ m sure he isn ’ t .
toward his own father who loves him so completely .
edmund , go find him .
these recent eclipses of the sun and moon don ’ t bode well for us .
though science can explain them away , disasters still come after eclipses .
love cools off , friendships break up , and brothers become enemies .
break out , civil war erupts , kings are betrayed , and the bond between father and son snaps .
this wicked son of mine confirms the prediction —son against father .
the king acts unnaturally—father against child .
we ’ ve seen the best our age has to offer .
conspiracies , fakery , betrayal , and disorder are all that ’ s left until we die .
find out what this villainous edgar is thinking , edmund .
you won ’ t lose any respect .
it ’ s strange , strange .
fa , sol , la , mi .
what are you thinking about so seriously ?
how long have you believed in astrology ?
when was the last time you saw my father ?
did you speak to him ?
yes , we talked for a couple of hours .
did you leave on good terms ?
did he express any dissatisfaction with you , either in his words or his face ?
no , none at all .
some villain has told lies about me .
that ’ s what i ’ m afraid of .
i suggest you lay low until his rage cools a little .
here ’ s my key .
if you go outside , arm yourself .
brother , i ’ m giving you good advice .
will i hear from you soon ?
i ’ ll help you through this business .
i know exactly how to proceed .
any trick that works is good for me .
did my father hit one of my attendants for scolding his fool ?
every hour he comes out with some horrible new offense that puts us all on edge .
i won ’ t stand for it .
his knights are getting out of control , and he himself reprimands us about every little detail .
when he comes back from hunting , i ’ m not going to speak to him .
tell him i ’ m sick .
i ’ ll take responsibility for it .
he ’ s coming , ma'am .
be as lazy and neglectful as you like around him—you and the other servants .
if he doesn ’ t like it , he can go live with my sister .
that useless old man still thinks he can wield all the powers he ’ s given away .
i swear , old fools become like babies again .
remember what i ’ ve told you .
and make sure the servants are less friendly to his knights .
don ’ t worry about the consequences .
tell your men as much .
i want this to provoke confrontations , so i can give him a piece of my mind .
i ’ ll write to my sister and tell her my plans .
now go , set up for dinner .
i love my master , and he ’ ll find me very hard-working .
don ’ t make me wait for dinner even a moment .
what ’ s your profession ?
what do you want from me ?
an honest guy who ’ s as poor as the king .
if you ’ re as poor a subject as he is a king , you definitely are poor .
to work as a servant .
who do you want to work for ?
what work can you do ?
i ’ m good at everything that ordinary men can do .
the best thing about me is that i ’ m hardworking .
you ’ ll work for me .
where ’ s my fool ? —go call my fool and have him come here .
no , i don ’ t , my lord .
very pleased to meet you , my lord .
i look forward to getting to know you better .
i ’ ll try to make myself worth your knowledge .
he ’ s been gone for nine years and he ’ s leaving again soon .
go escort the lords of france and burgundy , gloucester .
you , sir , where ’ s my daughter ?
i beg your pardon , sir— what did that guy say ?
call the numbskull back in here .
where ’ s my fool ?
you ’ d think everyone was asleep .
so what ’ s going on ?
where ’ s that dog ?
he says your daughter ’ s not feeling well , my lord .
why didn ’ t the jerk come back to me when i called him ?
sir , he told me quite bluntly that he didn ’ t feel like it .
didn ’ t feel like it ?
the servants , the duke , and your daughter all seem to be treating you less kindly .
do you really mean that ?
no , you ’ re just reminding me of something i ’ ve also noticed .
i ’ ll look into it further .
but where ’ s my fool ?
i haven ’ t seen him for two days .
ever since cordelia left for france , sir , the fool has been depressed .
let ’ s not talk about it .
i ’ ve noticed it myself .
go and tell my daughter i want to speak with her .
and you , go call my fool .
you there , sir , come here please .
who am i , sir ?
you dog , you peasant !
i won ’ t be hit , my lord .
now , my friendly servant , thank you .
well hello , my good boy .
for standing up for this unpopular king .
no , if you can ’ t adjust to political changes , you ’ ll suffer for it .
there , take my fool ’ s cap .
this guy here has banished two of his daughters and blessed the third one without intending to .
i wish i had two fool ’ s caps and two daughters .
if i gave them all i own , i ’ d have two fool ’ s caps for myself .
ask your daughters for another one .
watch out , boy—remember i can whip you .
a constant pain to me !
i ’ ll recite something for you , guy .
have more than you show , speak less than you know , lend less than you owe .
in that case it ’ s like the words of an unpaid lawyer .
why , no , boy .
nothing can be made out of nothing .
you ’ re a bitter fool .
do you know the difference , my boy , between a bitter fool and a sweet one ?
bring here the gentleman who advised you to give away your land .
you can stand in his place .
the sweet and bitter fool will appear right away .
the sweet fool in a fool ’ s costume—that ’ s me .
the bitter one is the other one—that ’ s you.lear are you calling me a fool , boy ?
well , you ’ ve given away all your other rightful titles .
which two crowns would those be ?
when did you become so fond of singing , boy ?
i want to learn how to lie .
if you lie , boy , we ’ ll have you whipped .
i ’ m amazed how similar you and your daughters are .
i ’ d rather be anything besides a fool .
and yet i wouldn ’ t want to be you , uncle .
here comes the owner of one piece .
what ’ s going on , daughter ?
why are you frowning like that ?
i think you ’ ve been frowning too much recently .
the man who gives away his crust and his crumbs will discover that he needs some crumbs back .
so the candle went out and now we ’ re all in the dark .
does anyone here know who i am ?
i ’ m not lear .
i don ’ t think so .
who can tell me who i am ?
you ’ re lear ’ s shadow .
daughters who can make you obey them .
this fake astonishment of yours is just like your other pranks .
i ’ m asking you to understand my point of view .
since you ’ re old and respected , you should be wise .
it ’ s shameful , and we have to make some changes right away .
you ’ re not really my daughter , but i still have one daughter left .
you hit my servants , and your disorderly mob of knights treat their superiors like servants .
you ’ ll be sorry later , but it ’ ll be too late .
ingratitude is always hideous , but an ungrateful child is uglier than a sea monster !
please , sir , be patient .
that may be true , my lord .
ah , dear nature , my goddess , listen to me !
dear gods in heaven , what ’ s the reason for this ?
you ’ ll see , i promise you .
goneril , you know how much i love you , but still i have to say— shush , please .
come , sir , no more.—oswald , come here !
so the fool follows you .
my father can ’ t think straight—a hundred knights !
you may be exaggerating the risks .
that ’ s better than exaggerating our trust .
it ’ s always better to get rid of what you ’ re scared of than to be afraid .
i know how his mind works .
i ’ ve written to my sister telling her everything he ’ s said .
have you written that letter to my sister yet ?
take some men and horses and go to her .
add details of your own to back up what i ’ m saying .
now go , and hurry back .
but people often screw things up trying to make them better .
no , not at all— all right , all right .
i won ’ t sleep until i ’ ve delivered your letter , my lord .
if a man ’ s brain were in his feet , wouldn ’ t it be susceptible to frostbite ?
ha , ha , ha !
your other daughter regan will treat you kindly , you ’ ll see .
and what do you know , boy ?
i know that regan will taste just like goneril—both of them sour crabapples .
do you know why the nose is in the middle of a person ’ s face ?
i was wrong to her— do you know how an oyster makes its shell ?
but i know why a snail carries its house on its back .
he can ’ t give his house away to his daughters , leaving himself without shelter .
i want to forget what i am .
such a kind father ! —are my horses ready ?
your attendant asses are getting the horses ready .
there ’ s a nice reason why the constellation pleiades has only seven stars in it .
because it doesn ’ t have eight ?
you ’ d make a good fool .
i could take back my crown by force—what outrageous ingratitude !
you ’ re not supposed to get old until you ’ re wise .
oh , dear god , don ’ t let me go mad !
keep me balanced and sane .
i don ’ t want to go mad .
they ’ re ready , my lord .
i don ’ t know .
you haven ’ t heard of the war brewing between the dukes of cornwall and albany ?
you may hear about it soon .
the duke will be here tonight ?
his arrival fits perfectly into my plan .
fast work and a little luck are all i need.—brother , could i have a word with you ?
father is on the lookout .
get out of here quickly !
it has leaked out that you ’ re hiding here .
you haven ’ t said anything against the duke of cornwall , have you ?
he ’ s rushing on his way here right now , and regan ’ s with him .
i hear my father coming .
i have to pretend to threaten you with my sword .
edmund , where ’ s your wicked brother ?
look , sir , i ’ m bleeding .
where is the villain , edmund ?
he ran out that way , sir , when he couldn ’ t— follow him , now !
when he couldn ’ t what ?
let him run far away .
if he stays in this country he ’ ll be found .
the duke of cornwall , my master and patron , is arriving tonight .
come on , “ nothing ” will get you nothing .
i don ’ t have a talent for putting my heart ’ s feelings into words .
i love you as a child should love her father , neither more nor less .
what are you saying , cordelia ?
revise your statement , or you may damage your inheritance .
he answered , “ you penniless bastard !
do you really think that if it came down to my word against yours , anyone would believe you ?
he said he would deny that he wrote his letter ?
the duke ’ s trumpets .
i don ’ t know why he ’ s come here .
i ’ ll forbid all ships from leaving our harbors .
the villain won ’ t escape .
the duke will agree with me on that .
how are you , my friend ?
ever since i arrived here , just now , i ’ ve been hearing strange rumors .
how are you , my lord ?
oh , madam , my old heart is broken , broken .
oh , my lady , i ’ m ashamed to admit it .
wasn ’ t he friends with all those brawling knights who serve my father ?
i don ’ t know , madam .
oh , it ’ s too terrible .
to answer your question , ma'am—yes , he was friendly with those knights .
then it ’ s no surprise they had a bad influence on him .
they probably put him up to killing old man gloucester to get his money .
i just did my duty , sir .
are your men searching for him ?
if he ’ s caught , he ’ ll never make trouble for anyone again .
i need people as trustworthy as you .
i ’ ll always be loyal to you , sir .
you don ’ t know why we came to visit you— yes , and so unexpectedly , at night .
their messengers are ready , waiting to deliver our response in these matters .
so please , old friend , give us some good advice .
i ’ m at your service , madam .
both of you are very welcome here .
good morning to you , friend .
do you work in this house ?
where should we stable our horses ?
please , sir , be kind to me and tell me .
i won ’ t be kind to you .
in that case , i don ’ t much care for you either .
if i could get my hands on you , i ’ d make you care .
why are you talking to me like this ?
i don ’ t even know you .
ah , but i know you .
what a shameless jerk you are to pretend you don ’ t know me !
it was just two days ago that i tripped you and beat you up in front of the king .
draw your sword , scoundrel .
i ’ ll make ground beef out of you .
i ’ ve got nothing to do with you .
draw your sword , you jerk !
draw your sword , scoundrel , or i ’ ll slice your thighs like flank steak .
stand and fight , you overdressed servant , fight !
there ’ s still a bit of daylight in the sky .
now all the late travellers are hurrying to reach their inns .
the rest of the king ’ s guests are already inside .
then let the rain come down .
oh , this is treachery !
get out of here , good fleance , run , run , run !
someday you can get revenge.—oh , you bastard !
who put out the light ?
wasn ’ t that the best thing to do ?
there ’ s only one body here .
we failed in half of our mission .
well , let ’ s get out of here and tell macbeth what we did accomplish .
from the highest to the lowest of you , i bid you a hearty welcome .
i will walk around and mingle with all of you , playing the humble host .
and they respond to you with their hearts as well .
the table is full on both sides .
i will sit here in the middle .
soon we will toast around the table .
then it must be banquo ’ s .
my lord , his throat is cut .
i did that to him .
you are the best of the cutthroats .
if you cut both their throats , then you are the absolute best .
most royal sir , fleance has escaped .
now i ’ m scared again .
yes , my good lord .
the adult snake lies in the ditch .
i ’ ll talk to you again tomorrow .
my royal lord , you ’ re not entertaining the guests .
when you just want to eat , it ’ s better to do that at home .
where have you been , sister ?
a sailor ’ s wife had chestnuts in her lap and munched away at them .
give me one , ” i said .
get away from me , witch ! ” the fat woman cried .
and i will give you some more .
i ’ ll drain the life out of him .
he won ’ t catch a wink of sleep , either at night or during the day .
he will live as a cursed man .
for eighty-one weeks he will waste away in agony .
it ’ s nice of you to remind me .
why don ’ t you have a seat , your highness ?
his absence means he ’ s broken his promise , sir .
the table ’ s full .
here ’ s an empty seat , sir .
what , my good lord ?
his highness is not well .
sit down , worthy friends .
my husband is often like this , and he has been since he was a child .
eat your dinner and pay no attention to him .
yes , and a brave one , who dares to look at something that would frighten the devil .
oh , that ’ s nonsense !
this is just another one of the hallucinations you always get when you ’ re afraid .
these outbursts of yours don ’ t even look like real fear .
why are you making these faces ?
when the vision passes , you ’ ll see that you ’ re just looking at a stool .
please , just look over there .
as sure as i ’ m standing here , i saw him .
but now they rise from the dead with twenty fatal head wounds and push us off our stools .
this haunting business is even stranger than murder .
my worthy lord , your noble friends miss your company .
too bad it ’ s spoiling our pleasure tonight .
or come back to life again and challenge me to a duel in some deserted place .
if i tremble then , you can call me a little girl .
get out of here , you horrible ghost , you hallucination .
i am a man again .
what things , my lord ?
please , don ’ t speak to him .
he ’ s getting worse and worse .
a kind good night to all !
gravestones have been known to move , and trees to speak , to bring guilty men to justice .
it ’ s almost morning .
did you send for him , sir ?
i ’ ve heard about this indirectly , but i will send for him .
in every one of the lords ' households i have a servant paid to spy for me .
tomorrow , while it ’ s still early , i will go see the witches .
my own safety is the only important thing now .
i have to do these things before i have a chance to think about them .
yes , let ’ s go to sleep .
my strange self-delusions just come from inexperience .
we ’ re still just beginners when it comes to crime .
what ’ s wrong , hecate ?
don ’ t i have a reason to be angry , you disobedient hags ?
but you can make it up to me .
go away now and in the morning meet me in the pit by the river in hell .
macbeth will go there to learn his destiny .
you bring your cauldrons , your spells , your charms , and everything else .
i ’ m about to fly away .
i ’ ll spend tonight working to make something horrible happen .
i have a lot to do before noon .
an important droplet is hanging from the corner of the moon .
i ’ ll catch it before it falls to the ground .
as you all know , overconfidence is man ’ s greatest enemy .
i ’ m being called .
look , my little spirit is sitting in a foggy cloud waiting for me .
all i ’ m saying is that strange things have been going on .
clearly , men should not go out walking too late !
and who can help thinking how monstrous it was for malcolm and donalbain to kill their gracious father ?
those are the things we pine for now .
macbeth has heard this news and he is so angry that he ’ s preparing for war .
did he tell macduff to return to scotland ?
i ’ ll send my prayers with him .
although i can ’ t make his ship disappear , i can still make his journey miserable .
look what i have here .
show me , show me .
a drum , a drum !
the tawny cat has meowed three times .
double , double toil and trouble , fire burn , and cauldron bubble .
double , double toil and trouble , fire burn and cauldron bubble .
double , double toil and trouble , fire burn and cauldron bubble .
we ’ ll cool the mixture with baboon blood .
i admire your efforts , and all of you will share the rewards .
now come sing around the cauldron like a ring of elves and fairies , enchanting everything you put in .
i can tell that something wicked is coming by the tingling in my thumbs .
doors , open up for whoever is knocking !
what ’ s going on here , you secret , evil , midnight hags ?
something there isn ’ t a word for .
tell me what i want to know .
would you rather hear these things from our mouths or from our master ’ s ?
pour in the blood of a sow who has eaten her nine offspring .
tell me , you unknown power— he can read your thoughts .
listen , but don ’ t speak .
beware the thane of fife .
whatever you are , thanks for your advice .
you have guessed exactly what i feared .
but one word more— he will not be commanded by you .
here ’ s another , stronger than the first .
if i had three ears i ’ d listen with all three .
be violent , bold , and firm .
laugh at the power of other men , because nobody born from a woman will ever harm macbeth .
but even so , i ’ ll make doubly sure .
that way i can conquer my own fear and sleep easy at night .
listen but don ’ t speak to it .
be brave like the lion and proud .
macbeth will never be defeated until birnam wood marches to fight you at dunsinane hill .
who can command the forest and make the trees pull their roots out of the earth ?
but my heart is still throbbing to know one thing .
don ’ t try to find out more .
i demand to be satisfied .
if you refuse , let an eternal curse fall on you .
why is that cauldron sinking ?
and what is that music ?
show him and make him grieve .
come like shadows and depart in the same way !
you look too much like the ghost of banquo .
come , sisters , let ’ s cheer him up and show him our talents .
let this evil hour be marked forever in the calendar as cursed .
what does your grace want ?
did you see the weird sisters ?
didn ’ t they pass by you ?
no , indeed , my lord .
i heard the galloping of horses .
who was it that came here ?
two or three men , my lord , who brought the message that macduff has fled to england .
yes , my good lord .
time , you thwart my dreadful plans .
i will do this deed before i lose my sense of purpose .
but no more spooky visions ! —where are the messengers ?
come , bring me to them .
what did he do that made him flee this land ?
you have to be patient , madam .
he was crazy to run away .
you don ’ t know whether it was wisdom or fear that made him flee .
how could it be wisdom !
his running away has everything to do with fear and nothing to do with love .
my dearest relative , i ’ m begging you , pull yourself together .
i ’ ll say good-bye now .
it won ’ t be long before i ’ m back .
he has a father , and yet he is fatherless .
if i stay longer , i ’ ll embarrass you and disgrace myself by crying .
i ’ m leaving now .
young man , your father ’ s dead .
what are you going to do now ?
how are you going to live ?
are you going to start eating worms and flies ?
i mean i will live on whatever i get , like birds do .
you ’ d be a pitiful bird .
you wouldn ’ t know enough to be afraid of traps .
no matter what you say , my father is not dead .
yes , he is dead .
what are you going to do for a father ?
maybe you should ask , what will you do for a husband ?
oh , i can buy twenty husbands at any market .
speak , if you can .
hail to you , thane of glamis !
you are lesser than macbeth but also greater .
you are not as happy as macbeth , yet much happier .
your descendants will be kings , even though you will not be one .
so all hail , macbeth and banquo !
if so , you ’ d be buying them to sell again .
you talk like a child , but you ’ re very smart anyway .
was my father a traitor , mother ?
someone who makes a promise and breaks it .
and is everyone who swears and lies a traitor ?
everyone who does so is a traitor and should be hanged .
and should everyone who makes promises and breaks them be hanged ?
if he were dead , you ’ d be weeping for him .
silly babbler , how you talk !
bless you , fair lady !
you don ’ t know me , but i know you ’ re an important person .
i ’ m afraid something dangerous is coming toward you .
go away and take your children .
and harm is getting close !
i haven ’ t done anything wrong .
so then why should i offer this womanish defense that i ’ m innocent ?
i hope he ’ s not anywhere so disreputable that thugs like you can find him .
he ’ s a traitor .
you ’ re lying , you shaggy-haired villain !
what ’ s that , you runt ?
he has killed me , mother .
run away , i beg you !
let ’ s seek out some shady place where we can sit down alone and cry our hearts out .
what you just said may perhaps be true .
you were one of his favorites .
he hasn ’ t done anything to harm you yet .
even someone with a good and virtuous nature might give way to a royal command .
but i beg your pardon .
my fears can ’ t actually make you evil .
angels are still bright even though lucifer , the brightest angel , fell from heaven .
even though everything evil wants to look good , good still has to look good too .
but i beg you , don ’ t interpret my suspicions as slander against you .
you may really be honest , no matter what i think .
bleed , bleed , poor country !
don ’ t be offended .
i don ’ t completely distrust you .
i do think scotland is sinking under macbeth ’ s oppression .
our country weeps , it bleeds , and each day a fresh cut is added to her wounds .
the english have promised me thousands of troops .
who are you talking about ?
even in hell you couldn ’ t find a devil worse than macbeth .
but there is no end , absolutely none , to my sexual desires .
it would be better for macbeth to rule than someone like me .
endless greed and lust in a man ’ s nature is a kind of tyranny .
it has caused the downfall of many kings .
but don ’ t be afraid to take the crown that belongs to you .
there are more than enough willing women around .
greed has been the downfall of many kings .
but i don ’ t have any good sides .
no , if i had power i would take world peace and throw it down to hell .
if someone like me is fit to be king , let me know .
i ’ m still a virgin .
it ’ s hard to make sense of such different stories .
well , we ’ ll speak more soon .
what disease is he talking about ?
it ’ s called the evil .
along with this strange power , he also has the gift of prophecy and various other abilities .
who ’ s that coming over here ?
by his dress i can tell he ’ s my countryman , but i don ’ t recognize him .
my noble kinsman , welcome .
is scotland the same as when i left it ?
alas , our poor country !
it ’ s too frightened to look at itself .
oh , your report is too poetic , but it sounds so true !
banquo and macbeth , all hail !
stay and tell me more .
speak , i command you .
where did they disappear to ?
i wish they had stayed !
were these things we ’ re talking about really here ?
or are we both on drugs ?
your children will be kings .
you will be the king .
isn ’ t that what they said ?
that ’ s exactly what they said .
they ’ re well too .
what ’ s the news ?
now is the time when we need your help .
gracious king edward has sent us noble siward and ten thousand soldiers .
i wish i could repay this happy news with good news of my own .
what is this news about ?
if it ’ s for me , don ’ t keep it from me .
let me have it now .
i think i can guess what you ’ re about to say .
your wife and children were savagely slaughtered .
they killed my children too ?
they killed your wife , your children , your servants , anyone they could find .
and i had to be away !
my wife was killed too ?
he doesn ’ t have children .
all my pretty little children ?
oh , that bird from hell !
what , all my children and their mother dead in one fell swoop ?
fight it like a man .
i can ’ t help remembering the things that were most precious to me .
did heaven watch the slaughter and not send down any help ?
sinful macduff , they were killed because of you !
as wicked as i am , they were slaughtered because of me , not because of anything they did .
may god give their souls rest .
let this anger sharpen your sword .
transform your grief into anger .
i could go on weeping like a woman and bragging about how i will avenge them !
but gentle heavens , don ’ t keep me waiting .
bring me face to face with macbeth , that devil of scotland .
now you sound like a man .
come on , let ’ s go see king edward .
macbeth is ripe for the picking .
cheer up as much as you can .
when was the last time you saw her sleepwalking ?
when she is like this , besides walking and performing various activities , have you heard her say anything ?
she says something , sir , but i will not repeat it to you .
look , here she comes !
this is exactly how she always looks , and—i swear it—she is fast asleep .
how did she get that candle ?
it stands by her bedside .
she always has to have a light next to her .
you see , her eyes are open .
yes , but they don ’ t see anything .
what ’ s she doing now ?
look how she rubs her hands .
she looks like she ’ s washing her hands .
there ’ s still a spot here .
i ’ ll write down what she says , so i ’ ll remember it better .
the thane of fife had a wife .
you ’ ve heard something you shouldn ’ t have .
she said something she shouldn ’ t have said , i ’ m sure of that .
heaven knows what secrets she ’ s keeping .
i still have the smell of blood on my hand .
all the perfumes of arabia couldn ’ t make my little hand smell better .
oh , oh , oh !
her heart is carrying a heavy weight .
i wouldn ’ t want a heart like hers even if you made me queen .
well , well , well .
i hope what she ’ s saying is well , sir !
this disease is beyond my medical skills .
but i have known people who sleepwalked and weren ’ t guilty of anything .
to bed , to bed !
there ’ s a knocking at the gate .
will she go to bed now ?
unnatural acts will cause good night , good doctor .
the english army is near , led by malcolm , his uncle siward , and the good macduff .
does anyone know if donalbain is with his brother ?
he is definitely not there , sir .
i have a list of all the important men .
what is the tyrant macbeth doing ?
he is fortifying his castle at dunsinane with heavy defenses .
one thing is certain : he ’ s out of control .
who can blame him for acting crazy , when inside he condemns himself for everything he ’ s done ?
let ’ s proceed on our march to birnam .
messenger after messenger delivered news of your bravery to the king with praise for how you defended his country .
the king sent us to give you his thanks and to bring you to him .
why are you giving me his title ?
don ’ t bring me any more reports .
until birnam wood gets up and moves to dunsinane , i won ’ t be affected by fear .
what ’ s the boy malcolm ?
wasn ’ t he born from a woman ?
the spirits that know the future have told me this : “ don ’ t be afraid , macbeth .
my mind and courage will never falter with doubt or shake with fear .
may the devil turn you black , you white-faced fool !
why do you look like a frightened goose ?
there are ten thousand— geese , you idiot ?
go pinch your cheeks and bring some color back into your face , you cowardly boy .
that pale face of yours will frighten the others as well .
the english army , sir .
get out of my sight .
i have lived long enough .
all the rumors have been confirmed .
i ’ ll fight until they hack the flesh off my bones .
you don ’ t need it yet .
i ’ ll put it on anyway .
for that kind of relief , the patient must heal herself .
medicine is for the dogs .
i won ’ t have anything to do with it .
yes , my good lord .
your preparation for war sounds like something .
kinsmen , i hope the time is coming when people will be safe in their own bedrooms .
we don ’ t doubt it .
what ’ s the name of this forest behind us ?
tell every soldier to break off a branch and hold it in front of him .
we ’ ll do it .
we shouldn ’ t make any judgments until we achieve our goal .
hang our flags on the outer walls .
they can sit out there until they die of hunger and disease .
what ’ s that noise ?
it ’ s women crying , my good lord .
i ’ ve almost forgotten what fear feels like .
what was that cry for ?
the queen is dead , my lord .
she would have died later anyway .
tomorrow , and tomorrow , and tomorrow .
out , out , brief candle .
life is a story told by an idiot , full of noise and emotional disturbance but devoid of meaning .
punish me if it ’ s not true .
three miles from here you can see it coming , a moving forest .
if what you say is true , you can do the same to me .
we ’ re close enough now .
if we meet macbeth ’ s army tonight , let us be beaten if we can not fight .
they have me tied to a stake .
i can ’ t run away .
you ’ ll be afraid to hear it .
no i won ’ t , even if you were one of the worst demons in hell .
my name ’ s macbeth .
the devil himself couldn ’ t say a name i hate more .
no , nor could the devil ’ s name be more frightening .
you lie , you disgusting tyrant .
i ’ ll prove with my sword that i ’ m not scared of you .
you were born from a woman .
swords don ’ t frighten me .
i laugh at any weapon used by a man who was born from a woman .
but this whole thing is strange .
the noise is coming from over there .
tyrant , show your face !
i ’ ll either fight you , macbeth , or else i ’ ll put down my sword unused .
you must be over there .
come this way , my lord .
our noblemen are battling bravely .
sir , enter the castle .
turn around , you dog from hell , turn around !
i have nothing to say to you .
my sword will talk for me .
you are too evil for words !
you might as well try to stab the air with your sword .
i lead a charmed life , which can ’ t be ended by anyone born from a woman .
i won ’ t fight you .
i ’ ll put up my shield and battle you .
macduff is missing , and so is your noble son .
my lord , your son has paid the soldier ’ s price : death .
so he ’ s dead ?
yes , and he ’ s been carried off the field .
your grief should not be equal to his worth , because then your sorrow would never end .
were his wounds on his front side ?
yes , on his front .
well then , he ’ s god ’ s soldier now !
and that ’ s all there is to it .
he is worth more mourning than that , and i will mourn for him .
he is worth no more than that .
they tell me he died well , and settled his scores .
with that , i hope god is with him !
because that ’ s what you are now .
look , here i have macbeth ’ s cursed head .
we are free from his tyranny .
hail , king of scotland !
my thanes and kinsmen , i name you all earls , the first earls that scotland has ever had .
look at macbeth—he ’ s in a daze .
good macbeth , we ’ re ready when you are .
let ’ s go to the king .
until then , we ’ ve said enough .
my king , they haven ’ t come back yet .
he never did anything in his whole life that looked as good as the way he died .
there ’ s no way to read a man ’ s mind by looking at his face .
with that , i ’ ll be off .
when should the three of us meet again ?
will it be in thunder , lightning , or rain ?
that will happen before sunset .
we ’ ll meet macbeth there .
when i tried desperately to question them further , they vanished into thin air .
what news do you bring ?
the king is coming here tonight .
you must be crazy to say that !
take good care of him .
my dearest love , duncan is coming here tonight .
and when is he leaving ?
he plans to leave tomorrow .
that day will never come .
greet the king with a welcoming expression in your eyes , your hands , and your words .
you should look like an innocent flower , but be like the snake that hides underneath the flower .
we will speak about this further .
leave all the rest to me .
this castle is in a pleasant place .
the air is sweet and appeals to my refined senses .
i ’ ve noticed that they always like to settle and mate where the air is the nicest .
look , here comes our honored hostess !
sometimes the love my subjects bring me is inconvenient , but i still accept it as love .
fair and noble hostess , we are your guests tonight .
bring me to my host , macbeth .
i love him dearly , and i shall continue to favor him .
whenever you ’ re ready , hostess .
what news do you have ?
he has almost finished dinner .
why did you leave the dining room ?
has he asked for me ?
don ’ t you know he has ?
we can ’ t go on with this plan .
the king has just honored me , and i have earned the good opinion of all sorts of people .
were you drunk when you seemed so hopeful before ?
from now on this is what i ’ ll think of your love .
are you afraid to act the way you desire ?
you ’ re like the poor cat in the old story .
and whatever we do , we can lay all the blame on the drunken servants .
go now , and pretend to be a friendly hostess .
hide with a false pleasant face what you know in your false , evil heart .
how ’ s the night going , boy ?
the clock hasn ’ t struck yet .
the moon sets at twelve , right ?
i think it ’ s later than that , sir .
here , take my sword .
the heavens are being stingy with their light .
i ’ m tired and feeling heavy , but i can ’ t sleep .
merciful powers , keep away the nightmares that plague me when i rest !
you ’ re not asleep yet , sir ?
the king ’ s in bed .
he ’ s been in an unusually good mood and has granted many gifts to your household and servants .
this diamond is a present from him to your wife for her boundless hospitality .
who is this bloody man ?
judging from his appearance , i bet he can tell us the latest news about the revolt .
this is the brave sergeant who fought to keep me from being captured .
tell the king what was happening in the battle when you left it .
i had a dream last night about the three witches .
i don ’ t think about them now .
if you stick with me , when the time comes , there will be something in it for you .
rest easy in the meantime .
is this a dagger i see in front of me , with its handle pointing toward my hand ?
i ’ m going now .
the alcohol that got the servants drunk has made me bold .
the same liquor that quenched their thirst has fired me up .
i have done the deed .
did you hear a noise ?
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .
didn ’ t you say something ?
who ’ s sleeping in the second chamber ?
that ’ s a stupid thing to say .
but why couldn ’ t i say “ amen ” ?
i desperately needed god ’ s blessing , but the word “ amen ” stuck in my throat .
we can ’ t think that way about what we did .
if we do , it ’ ll drive us crazy .
i thought i heard a voice cry , “ sleep no more !
what are you talking about ?
the voice kept crying , “ sleep no more ! ” to everyone in the house .
go get some water and wash this bloody evidence from your hands .
why did you carry these daggers out of the room ?
they have to stay there .
go take them back and smear the sleeping guards with the blood .
only children are afraid of scary pictures .
if duncan bleeds i ’ ll paint the servants ' faces with his blood .
where is that knocking coming from ?
what ’ s happening to me , that i ’ m frightened of every noise ?
i hear someone knocking at the south entry .
let ’ s go back to our bedroom .
a little water will wash away the evidence of our guilt .
it ’ s so simple !
you ’ ve lost your resolve .
there ’ s more knocking .
put on your nightgown , in case someone comes and sees that we ’ re awake .
snap out of your daze .
wake duncan with your knocking .
knock , knock , knock !
who ’ s there , in the other devil ’ s name ?
come on in , con man .
knock , knock , knock !
maybe it ’ s an english tailor who liked to skimp on the fabric for people ’ s clothes .
come on in , tailor .
you can heat your iron up in here .
never a moment of peace !
ah , this place is too cold to be hell .
i won ’ t pretend to be the devil ’ s porter anymore .
i ’ m coming , i ’ m coming !
please , don ’ t forget to leave me a tip .
what three things does drink make a man do ?
it sets you up for a fall .
it persuades you and discourages you .
i believe drink did all of this to you last night .
our knocking woke him up .
good morning , noble sir .
good morning to both of you .
is the king awake , worthy thane ?
he commanded me to wake him up early .
i ’ ve almost missed the time he requested .
i ’ ll bring you to him .
the work we enjoy is not really work .
i ’ ll wake him , because that ’ s my job .
is the king leaving here today ?
he told us to arrange it .
the night has been chaotic .
the wind blew down through the chimneys where we were sleeping .
the owl made noise all night .
some people say that the earth shook as if it had a fever .
it was a rough night .
i ’ m too young to remember anything like it .
oh , horror , horror , horror !
this is beyond words and beyond belief !
what ’ s the matter ?
the worst thing imaginable has happened .
do you mean the king ?
didn ’ t this frighten our captains , macbeth and banquo ?
the new challenge scared them about as much as sparrows frighten eagles , or rabbits frighten a lion .
your words , like your wounds , bring you honor .
take him to the surgeons .
he looks like someone with a strange tale to tell .
go into the bedroom and see for yourself .
don ’ t ask me to talk about it .
go look and then do the talking yourselves .
wake up , wake up !
banquo and donalbain , malcolm !
shake off sleep , which looks like death , and look at death itself !
get up , get up , and look at this image of doomsday !
speak up and tell me !
if i repeated it to you , it would kill you as soon as you heard it .
oh banquo , banquo , the king has been murdered !
what , in our own house ?
dear macduff , i beg you , tell us you were lying and say it isn ’ t so .
if i had only died an hour before this event i could say i had lived a blessed life .
everything is a sick joke .
the graceful and renowned king is dead .
the wine of life has been poured out , and only the dregs remain .
you are , but you don ’ t know it yet .
the source from which your royal blood comes has been stopped .
your royal father is murdered .
it seems that the guards who were supposed to be protecting his chamber did it .
their hands and faces were all covered with blood .
so were their daggers , which we found on their pillows , unwiped .
they stared at us in confusion .
no one ’ s life should have been entrusted to them .
and yet i still regret the anger that drove me to kill them .
what did you do that for ?
who could have restrained himself , who loved duncan and had the courage to act on it ?
help me out of here , quickly !
take care of the lady .
right now we ’ re shaken up by fears and doubts .
let ’ s get dressed quickly and then meet in the hall .
what are you going to do ?
let ’ s not stay here with them .
it ’ s easy for a liar to pretend to feel sorrow when he actually feels none .
i ’ m going to england .
i ’ ll go to ireland .
we ’ ll both be safer if we go separate ways .
wherever we go , men will smile at us while hiding daggers .
our closest relatives are the ones most likely to murder us .
we haven ’ t yet encountered that danger , and the best thing to do is avoid it entirely .
there ’ s good reason to escape when there ’ s no mercy to be found anymore .
the clock says it ’ s daytime , but dark night is strangling the sun .
they say the horses ate each other .
i saw it with my own eyes .
here comes the good macduff .
how are things going now ?
can ’ t you see for yourself ?
they were paid to betray their master .
everything about this is unnatural !
then it looks like macbeth will become king .
he has already been named king and has left for scone to be crowned .
where is duncan ’ s body ?
are you going to scone ?
no , cousin , i ’ m going to fife .
well , i ’ ll go to scone .
i hope things go well there .
if the witches tell the truth—which they did about you—maybe what they said about me will come true too .
i ’ ll shut up now .
whatever your highness commands me to do , it is always my duty to do it .
are you going riding this afternoon ?
yes , my good lord .
i ’ m going far enough that i ’ ll be riding from now until dinner .
unless my horse goes faster than expected , i will be back an hour or two after sunset .
don ’ t miss our feast .
my lord , i won ’ t miss it .
hurry up and get to your horse .
good-bye , until you return tonight .
is fleance going with you ?
yes , my good lord .
it ’ s time we hit the road .
everybody may do as they please until seven o'clock tonight .
until then , god be with you !
i ’ m very afraid of banquo .
he has the wisdom to act bravely but also safely .
i ’ m not afraid of anyone but him .
then , like prophets , they named him the father to a line of kings .
so now sweno , the norwegian king , wants a treaty .
i ’ ll get it done right away .
the thane of cawdor has lost what the noble macbeth has won .
now go to the door and stay there until i call for you .
wasn ’ t it just yesterday that we spoke to each other ?
it was yesterday , your highness .
well , did you think about what i said ?
i did that and more , which brings me to the point of this second meeting .
are you so patient and forgiving that you ’ re going to let him off the hook ?
we are men , my lord .
it ’ s the same with men .
you both know banquo was your enemy .
it ’ s true , my lord .
we ’ ll do what you want us to , my lord .
though our lives— we have decided , my lord .
i ’ ll call for you soon .
banquo , if your soul is going to make it to heaven , tonight ’ s the night .
has banquo left the court ?
yes , madam , but he ’ ll be back tonight .
go tell the king i want to talk to him for a few minutes .
what ’ s going on , my lord ?
what ’ s done is done .
we have slashed the snake but not killed it .
we killed those men and sent them to rest in peace so that we could gain our own peace .
after that , nothing can hurt him further—not weapons , poison , rebellion , invasion , or anything else .
come on , relax , dear .
you have to stop talking like this .
you know that banquo and his son fleance are still alive .
what are you going to do ?
so i guess it ’ s you , you silver treasure house .
tell me once more what you say .
no one should have an honor he doesn ’ t deserve .
how many people who are humble now would be great then ?
how many noblemen would be weeded out and would become peasants ?
well , let me get back to my choice .
you thought about it too long , considering what you found there .
i ’ ll read it.—it looks so unlike portia !
the one who chooses me will get what he deserves ” !
didn ’ t i deserve anything more than a fool ’ s head ?
don ’ t i deserve more than this ?
this box was tested in the fire seven times .
they only feel the shadow of joy .
this choice was as foolish as they are .
i ’ ll keep my oath and patiently suffer through my anger .
this is how the candle burned the moth .
when they choose , they only know how to lose .
you know what they say .
destiny chooses when you ’ ll die and who you ’ ll marry .
come on , close the curtain , nerissa .
where ’ s lady portia ?
how can i help you , sir ?
i haven ’ t seen such a promising candidate for your love .
please don ’ t tell me any more .
come on , nerissa , i want to go see this man who ’ s come so courteously .
so , what ’ s the news on the rialto ?
well , the point is , he ’ s lost a ship .
i hope that ’ s all he loses .
how ’ s it going , shylock ?
what ’ s the news among the merchants ?
i even knew the tailor who made the disguise she wore when she ran off .
she ’ ll be damned for it .
that ’ s true—if the devil ’ s judging her .
my own flesh and blood turned against me !
your i mean my daughter is my flesh and blood .
but tell us , did you hear anything about antonio ’ s loss at sea ?
all right , we ’ ll see you at dinnertime .
gratiano talks more nonsense than any other man in venice .
you promised to tell me .
let him think about his own debt .
he liked to call me a loan shark ; let him think about his debt to me .
but you won ’ t take his flesh if he can ’ t pay .
what ’ s that good for ?
i ’ ll use it for fish bait .
because i ’ m a jew .
doesn ’ t a jew have eyes ?
if you prick us with a pin , don ’ t we bleed ?
if you tickle us , don ’ t we laugh ?
if you poison us , don ’ t we die ?
and if you treat us badly , won ’ t we try to get revenge ?
if we ’ re like you in everything else , we ’ ll resemble you in that respect .
if a jew offends a christian , what ’ s the christian ’ s kind and gentle reaction ?
we ’ ve been looking for him everywhere .
you couldn ’ t find a third like these two unless the devil himself turned into a jew .
did you find my daughter ?
i went to many places where i heard news about her , but i couldn ’ t find her .
oh , oh , oh !
i never felt it until now—two thousand ducats in that diamond , and other precious , precious jewels !
i wish my daughter were dead at my feet wearing those jewels !
i wish she were in her coffin here , with the ducats in her coffin !
you couldn ’ t find out anything about them ?
i don ’ t even know how much i ’ m spending to find them .
well , other men have bad luck too .
antonio , as i heard in genoa— what , what , what ?
bad luck , bad luck ?
he ’ s had a ship wrecked coming from tripolis .
thank god , thank god !
is it true , is it true ?
i spoke with some of the sailors who survived the wreck .
good news , good news !
ha , ha , heard in genoa .
i also heard that your daughter spent eighty ducats in genoa one night .
oh , you ’ re sticking a dagger in me !
i ’ ll never see my gold again .
eighty ducats in one shot !
i ’ m very glad about that .
i ’ ll hound him .
i ’ ll torture him .
i ’ m very glad .
one creditor showed me a ring he got from your daughter in exchange for a monkey .
you ’ re torturing me , tubal .
that was my turquoise ring !
leah gave it to me before we were married .
i wouldn ’ t have given it away for a whole jungle of monkeys .
but antonio ’ s certainly ruined .
that ’ s true , that ’ s very true .
with him out of venice , i can make whatever bargains i want when i lend money.—go , tubal .
meet me at the synagogue .
i feel tortured by all this talking .
they ’ re as opposite as hot and cold .
promise me you ’ ll let me live , and i ’ ll confess the truth .
all right then , confess and live .
confess and love ” is more like it .
but let me try my luck on the boxes .
i ’ m locked in one of them .
play some music while he chooses .
then if he loses , it ’ ll be his swan song , music before the end .
what music should we play then ?
we ’ ve all come out to see what will happen.—go , hercules !
if you survive , i ’ ll live .
i ’ m more anxious watching you fight than you are in the fight itself .
ding , dong , bell .
how many people are cowards at heart but wear beards like hercules or mars , the god of war ?
curly golden hair moves so nicely in the wind and makes a woman beautiful .
my lady , with your permission , this note authorizes me to give myself to you with a kiss .
you see me standing here , lord bassanio .
i ’ m even happier that i ’ m not stupid , and i can learn .
everything i am and everything i have now belongs to you .
but as of right this second all these things are yours .
with this ring i give them all to you .
please let me know your plan , bassanio .
by risking the second arrow , i ’ d often get both of them back .
i ’ m telling you this story for a reason .
i owe you a lot , and like a spoiled kid i ’ ve lost what i owe you .
just tell me what to do , and i ’ ll do it .
if you see me without it , you can be confident i ’ m dead .
and when you get married , i hope i can be married at the same time .
absolutely , if you can find a wife by then .
i think i ’ ve found one already , thanks to you , my lord .
and do you mean what you ’ re saying , gratiano ?
hey , if i lay down my “ welcome , lorenzo and salerio .
i do too , my lord .
they ’ re entirely welcome .
that ’ s true , and with good reason .
this letter is for you from signor antonio .
before i open this letter , please tell me how my good friend is doing .
his letter will tell you how he ’ s doing .
i wish you ’ d won the something bad in that letter is making bassanio turn pale .
oh portia , these are some of the worst words that ever stained a piece of paper .
when i said that , i told you the truth .
have all his business ventures failed ?
not one , my lord .
anyway , even if he had the money now , the jew probably wouldn ’ t take it .
i ’ ve never seen a creature with a human shape who was so eager to destroy a man .
and i know that unless the law intervenes , it ’ ll be bad news for poor antonio .
is this your good friend who ’ s in so much trouble ?
how much does he owe the jew ?
what , that ’ s all ?
pay him six thousand and cancel the debt .
i ’ ll give you enough gold to pay back your debt twenty times over .
when it ’ s paid , bring your friend back .
until you get back , nerissa and i will live like virgins and widows .
put on a happy face , and welcome your friends .
but let me hear the letter from your friend .
dear bassanio , my ships have all been wrecked .
my creditors are getting mean .
my money ’ s almost run out .
i couldn ’ t pay my debt to the jew on the due date .
in any case , do what you want .
since you ’ re letting me leave , i ’ ll hurry .
but i won ’ t sleep till i get back .
jailer , watch out for this one .
this is the fool who lent out money without charging interest .
jailer , keep an eye on him .
listen to me , good shylock .
i ’ m going to get my please , listen to me .
i won ’ t listen to you .
i want my bond , so stop talking .
i won ’ t be taken for a fool who sighs and gives in to christian meddlers .
don ’ t follow me .
i ’ m not talking with you .
he ’ s the most stubborn dog that ever lived among humans .
i won ’ t follow him around with useless pleas anymore .
i know the real reason .
i ’ ve often given money to people who were unable to pay back their loans to him .
that ’ s why he hates me .
i ’ m sure the duke will never allow this contract to be enforced .
lorenzo , please take charge of the management of my house until my husband comes back .
madam , with all my heart .
i ’ ll do anything you ask .
they ’ ll consider you and jessica masters of this house in place of lord bassanio and myself .
so goodbye until we meet again .
sometimes the expression on her face tells me she likes me .
i ’ ll meet you at the ferry .
i ’ ll go as fast as i can , madam .
we ’ ll see our husbands before they even have a chance to miss us .
they will , nerissa , but we ’ ll be disguised as men .
i know a thousand immature tricks like that , and i ’ ll use them all .
why , are we turning to men ?
what kind of question is that !
so hurry up , because we have twenty miles to cover today .
yes , look , it ’ s true that children are punished for the sins of their fathers .
that ’ s why i ’ m worried about you .
i ’ ve always been straightforward with you , so now i ’ m telling you what i think .
cheer up , because i think you ’ re going to hell .
there ’ s only one hope for you , and even that ’ s a kind of illegitimate hope .
what hope is that , may i ask ?
you can hope your father isn ’ t your real father .
that really is an illegitimate hope .
then i ’ d be punished for the sins of my mother .
in that case i ’ m afraid you ’ re damned by both your father and your mother .
when you avoid one trap , you fall into another .
you ’ re in trouble either way .
my husband will save me .
he ’ s made me a christian .
he was wrong to do that .
there were enough christians before—as many of them as could stand to live near each other .
all these new christians will make the price of hogs go up .
i ’ ll tell my husband what you ’ ve said , launcelot .
no , you don ’ t need to worry about us , lorenzo .
launcelot and i can ’ t agree on anything .
i can justify that better than you can justify sleeping with portia ’ s african servant .
the it ’ s too bad there ’ s more of the moor than there ought to be .
that ’ s already been done , sir .
they ’ re all ready to eat dinner .
good lord , what a clown you are !
are you planning on showing me all your wit at once ?
about the table , sir , dinner will be served on it .
as for the food , it will be served in covered dishes .
as for your coming in to dinner , just do what you feel is right .
oh , he ’ s good at bending words around !
anyway , how are you , jessica ?
and how do you like lord bassanio ’ s wife ?
i like her more than i can say .
the poor rude world doesn ’ t have her equal .
as good a wife as she is , that ’ s how good a husband i am to you .
first let ’ s go to dinner .
no , let me say some good things about you while i ’ m in the mood .
no , please , save it for dinner conversation .
yes , sir , i ’ m here .
i feel sorry for you .
i ’ m ready to suffer peacefully whatever he does to me in his cruelty and anger .
one of you go call the jew into court here .
he ’ s standing ready outside the door .
here he comes , my lord .
we all expect a nice answer from you , jew .
i won ’ t answer that .
is that enough of an answer ?
do you have your answer yet ?
so , to answer your question .
it doesn ’ t excuse your cruel behavior .
i don ’ t have to give you answers that you like .
does everyone kill what they don ’ t love ?
what , would you let a snake bite you twice ?
you might as well do the impossible rather than try to soften his jewish heart .
i would choose to take my penalty .
how can you ever hope for mercy for yourself , when you don ’ t give any now ?
why should i be afraid of your judgment when i haven ’ t done anything wrong ?
should i say to you , “ set them free !
let them marry your children !
why are you making them work so hard ?
let their beds be as soft as yours , and let them eat the same food as you ” ?
the pound of flesh that i want from him was very expensive .
it ’ s mine and i ’ m going to get it .
if you refuse me , the laws of venice have no validity .
oh nerissa , my poor little body is tired of this great big world .
but as far as i can tell , people with too much suffer as much as people with nothing .
the best way to be happy is to be in between .
good point , and well said .
it would be better if you actually applied it to your life .
it takes a good priest to practice what he preaches .
but thinking like this won ’ t help me choose a husband .
isn ’ t it a pain that i can ’ t choose or refuse anyone , nerissa ?
i have the authority to dismiss this court , unless bellario comes today .
keep up your courage , man !
i ’ m like the one sick sheep in the flock , the one who deserves to die .
the weakest fruit drops to the ground first , so let me drop .
bassanio , the best thing you can do is to keep living and write an epitaph for my gravestone .
have you come from bellario ’ s office in padua ?
to cut my penalty from that bankrupt man over there .
you ’ re sharpening that knife not on your sole but on your soul , you cruel jew .
no metal—not even the executioner ’ s axe—could ever be half as sharp as your hatred .
can ’ t any prayers reach your heart ?
no , none that you ’ re smart enough to make .
you make me want to agree with the philosopher pythagoras that animal souls are reincarnated in human bodies .
that ’ s why your desires are wolfish , bloody , and ravenous .
be quiet , boy , or you ’ ll lose your mind .
i stand here with the law on my side .
this letter from bellario introduces us to a young and well-educated legal expert .
he ’ s waiting nearby to find out if you ’ ll invite him in .
i leave him to you .
did old bellario send you here ?
are you familiar with the case currently before the court ?
antonio and shylock , both of you come forward .
do you acknowledge the contract ?
then the jew must show you mercy .
why do i have to do that ?
no one shows mercy because he has to .
it just happens , the way gentle rain drops on the ground .
it blesses the one who gives it and the one who receives it .
it ’ s strongest in the strongest people .
it looks better in a king than his own crown looks on him .
kingly power seems most like god ’ s power when the king mixes mercy with justice .
i take all responsibility for my decisions .
i want the law , the penalty , and the fulfillment of my contract .
can ’ t he pay back the money ?
there ’ s no power in venice that can change an established decree .
the change will be recorded as a precedent , and many bad legal decisions will result .
that can ’ t happen .
please , let me review the contract .
shylock , they ’ re offering you three times the money you lent .
but i made an oath , an oath , an oath in heaven .
should i perjure my soul by disobeying it ?
no , not for all of venice .
take three times your money .
tell me to tear up this contract .
i ’ ll tear it up when it ’ s paid .
you seem like a good judge .
i urge you to deliver your verdict .
i swear that nothing anyone can say will change my mind .
i ’ m sticking to the contract .
i beg the court to deliver the verdict .
well , then , here it is : you must prepare yourself for his knife .
oh , you excellent young man !
the law fully authorizes the penalty , which you have to pay according to the contract .
you ’ re so much older than you look !
nearest his heart. ” —those are the very words .
is there a scale here to weigh the flesh ?
is that called for in the contract ?
not explicitly , but so what ?
it wouldn ’ t hurt you to be charitable .
i can ’ t find it .
it ’ s not in the contract .
i ’ m ready and waiting.—give me your hand , bassanio .
if the jew cuts deep enough , i ’ ll pay it instantly with all my heart .
antonio , i married a woman as dear to me as life itself .
your wife wouldn ’ t like it if she were here to hear you make that offer .
i have a wife i love .
it ’ s nice you ’ re offering to sacrifice her behind her back .
that ’ s what you get for marrying christian husbands .
the court awards it and the law authorizes it .
and you have to cut this flesh from his chest .
the law allows it , and the court awards it .
come on , get ready .
there ’ s something else .
this contract doesn ’ t give you any blood at all .
you can see for yourself .
you asked for justice , so rest assured you ’ ll get more justice than you bargained for .
pay me three times the amount of the loan and let the christian go .
the jew will have justice .
wait , don ’ t rush !
he ’ s not getting anything except the penalty .
so get ready to cut off the flesh .
don ’ t shed any blood , or cut less or more than exactly a pound of flesh .
a second daniel ! —a daniel , jew !
i ’ ve got you now , pagan .
why is the jew waiting ?
give me my money and let me go .
i have it ready for you .
your father was an extremely moral man , and religious people get odd ideas on their deathbeds .
well , first there was the prince from naples .
i ’ m afraid his mother may have had an affair with a blacksmith .
then there ’ s the count palatine .
god protect me from these two !
what did you think about that french lord , monsieur le bon ?
no , he refused it publicly , in open court .
he will have only justice and his penalty .
you can ’ t have anything but the penalty , to be taken at your peril , jew .
well , then , i hope he chokes on it !
i ’ m not staying here to argue anymore .
wait a minute , jew .
the law has another hold on you .
the other half goes to the state .
so get down on your knees and beg mercy from the duke .
so you ’ ll be hanged at the state ’ s expense .
half of your wealth goes to antonio .
the other half goes to the state .
yes , the state ’ s half can be reduced , but not antonio ’ s .
no , go ahead and take my life .
don ’ t pardon that .
you take my house away when you take the money i need for upkeep .
you take my life when you take away my means of making a living .
what mercy can you show him , antonio ?
nothing else , for god ’ s sake !
he must do this , or i ’ ll recant the pardon i just delivered .
are you satisfied , jew ?
i ’ m not well .
send the deed after me and i ’ ll sign it .
go , but sign the deed .
i should really leave right away .
i ’ m sorry you don ’ t have time.—antonio , give this gentleman a reward .
we owe you love and service forever .
being satisfied with a job well done is payment enough .
in saving you i consider myself well paid .
my thoughts were never on money .
i hope you ’ ll recognize me when we meet again .
take some memento from us as a token of our gratitude , not as a fee .
this ring , sir—oh no , it ’ s nothing .
i ’ d be ashamed to give you this .
i don ’ t want anything but that .
now that i think about it , i really want it .
there ’ s more to this ring than its cash value .
but as for this ring , please excuse me .
i see you like to make big offers , sir .
good sir , this ring was given to me by my wife .
many men use that excuse to avoid giving gifts .
well , anyway , goodbye .
bassanio , let him have the ring .
come on , you and i will go soon .
early in the morning we ’ ll both rush to belmont .
find out where the jew ’ s house is .
give him this deed and have him sign it .
we ’ ll leave tonight and be home a day before our husbands get back .
lorenzo will be happy with what we ’ ve done .
and could you please take my servant to old shylock ’ s house ?
i ’ ll do that .
you know where i ’ ll be waiting .
the moon ’ s bright tonight .
who are you , coming so fast in this quiet night ?
what ’ s your name , please , friend ?
she ’ s still at the monastery , kneeling and praying for a happy marriage .
who ’ s coming with her ?
no one except her maid and a holy hermit .
has my master returned yet ?
have you seen master lorenzo !
tell him a messenger has arrived from my master with good news .
my master will be here in the morning .
my dear , let ’ s go inside and wait for them to arrive .
but i guess it doesn ’ t matter .
we might as well call him a man , since god created him .
his horse is better than the neapolitan ’ s and he frowns more than the count palatine .
what about falconbridge , that young english baron ?
i have no opinion about him .
he ’ s great-looking , but how can you talk to someone who doesn ’ t speak your language ?
he was dressed so oddly too !
what do you think of his neighbor , the scottish lord ?
how beautiful the moonlight ’ s shining on this bank !
let ’ s sit here and let the music fill our ears .
stillness and nighttime are perfect for beautiful music .
look at the stars , see how the floor of heaven is inlaid with small disks of bright gold .
wake up the moon goddess with a hymn !
get her attention and draw her home with music .
i ’ m never in the mood to laugh when i hear sweet music .
his soul is as dull as night and dark as the underworld .
nobody like that should be trusted .
pay attention to the music .
that light we see is coming from my hall .
look how far that little candle sends its light !
that ’ s the way a good deed shines in a naughty world .
while the moon was shining we didn ’ t even notice the candle .
well , brighter lights always dim the smaller ones .
it ’ s your music , madam , from your house .
now i see that you can ’ t call anything good except in right context .
how many things in life seem good to us because of when they happen !
look how the moon seems to be sleeping with its lover and can ’ t be awoken !
if i ’ m not mistaken , that ’ s portia ’ s voice .
he recognizes me like a blind man recognizes a cuckoo—by its bad voice .
dear lady , welcome home .
we ’ ve been praying for our husbands ' welfare .
tell my servants not to mention that we were gone .
i think this night is just like sick daylight .
it only looks a little paler .
it looks like a day when the sun is hidden .
i ’ ll give thank you , darling .
i ’ d like to introduce you to my friend .
this is antonio , my dearest friend .
sir , welcome to our house .
but action speaks louder than words , so i ’ ll cut short these polite words .
what , an argument already ?
what ’ s the matter ?
and now you claim you gave it to a judge ’ s clerk !
he will if he lives long enough to become a man .
yes , if a woman grows up to be a man .
i didn ’ t have the heart to say no to him .
i gave my lover a ring and made him swear never to lose it or give it away .
to tell the truth , gratiano , you ’ re giving your wife a valid reason to get upset .
if it were me , i ’ d be very upset too .
bassanio gave his ring to the judge who asked for it , and deserved it too .
and then his clerk , who went to a lot of trouble with the writing , begged for mine .
neither of them would take anything but the two rings .
which ring did you give away , my lord ?
not the one i gave you , i hope .
if i could make things better by lying , i ’ d deny it .
but you see my finger doesn ’ t have the ring on it .
nerissa ’ s got the right idea .
i ’ ll bet my life you gave some woman the ring !
what could i say , my dear ?
i had to send it to him .
don ’ t let that lawyer ever come near my house !
i ’ ll recognize him all right , i ’ m sure of it .
so don ’ t spend one night away from this house .
watch me like a hawk .
all these quarrels are about me .
don ’ t be upset .
he sees himself in my two eyes , so there ’ s two of him .
he should swear by his two-faced self , and that ’ s an oath i ’ ll believe !
no , just listen to me .
if you forgive my mistake , i swear i ’ ll never break an oath with you again .
i lent my body once to make him rich .
my god , it ’ s the same one i gave the judge !
i got it from him .
what , did you cheat on us before we deserved it ?
don ’ t be crass.—you all look confused .
yes , but the clerk will never do it , unless he grows up to be a man .
madam , you ’ ve given me life and given me a living too .
how did you like the young german , the duke of saxony ’ s nephew ?
i ’ ll do anything rather than marry a drunk , nerissa .
you don ’ t have to worry about any of these lords , my lady .
i wish them all safe trips home .
how are you , lorenzo ?
my clerk has some comforting news for you , too .
yes , and i ’ ll give it to him for free .
ladies , you ’ re dropping bread from the heavens to starving people .
let ’ s go inside and we ’ ll answer all your questions truthfully .
yes , madam , that ’ s the one .
he deserves a beautiful wife more than all the other men i ’ ve ever seen .
i remember him well , and my memory tells me that he deserves your praise .
hello , do you have any news ?
the four suitors are looking for you so they can say goodbye , madam .
let ’ s go , nerissa.—
three thousand ducats , hmmm .
yes , for three months .
for three months , hmmm .
as i said before , antonio will guarantee the loan .
if i default , he ’ ll pay you .
antonio will guarantee it , hmmm .
what ’ s your answer ?
three thousand ducats for three months , and antonio will guarantee it .
antonio ’ s a good man .
have you heard anything to the contrary ?
but his investments are uncertain right now .
he has one ship bound for tripoli , another heading for the indies .
what ’ s more , people at the
but ships are just fragile boards , and sailors are just men .
there are rats and thieves and pirates—not to mention storms , winds , and rocks .
but in spite of all this , the man is still wealthy enough .
i assure you he can .
oh yes—to smell this is signor antonio .
to be honest , i don ’ t know why i ’ m so sad .
i ’ m tired of it , and you say you ’ re tired of it too .
i ’ d be peering over maps to figure out the best ports , piers , and waterways .
everything that made me worry about my ships would make me sad .
shylock , are you listening ?
if i remember correctly , i can ’ t raise the entire three thousand ducats immediately .
tubal , a wealthy jew i know , will supply me with the cash .
how many months do you want ?
oh yes , three thousand ducats .
yes , i forgot—three months .
that ’ s not how i do business .
jacob didn ’ t have any control over what happened .
that your interest payments are like jacob ’ s sheep ?
but listen to me , signor—
an evil soul using a holy story is like a criminal who smiles at you .
oh , liars can look so honest !
three months from twelve months of the year .
the interest rate will be— well , shylock ?
signor antonio , you ’ ve often insulted my money and my business practices in the rialto .
and all because i use my own money to make a profit .
and now it looks like you need my help .
and now you ’ re asking for money .
what can i tell you ?
shouldn ’ t i say , “ does a dog have money ?
instead , lend it to me as your enemy .
look at you getting all riled up !
i ’ m making a kind offer—zero percent financing .
that really would be kind .
i ’ ll show you how kind i am .
it ’ s a deal .
i ’ ll agree to those terms and even say that jews are nice .
no , you can ’ t sign a contract like that for me !
i ’ d rather go without the money .
a pound of human flesh taken isn ’ t even as valuable as a pound of mutton or beef .
if he agrees , great .
and i hope you won ’ t think badly of me .
yes , shylock , i ’ ll sign the contract and agree to its terms .
then meet me right away at the notary ’ s .
hurry up , my jewish friend .
my ships will come home a month before the money is due .
i wouldn ’ t change it except to make you think of me , my darling queen .
thank you for saying that .
show me the caskets and let me try my luck .
let me take my chances .
let ’ s go to the temple first .
you can take your chances after dinner .
i ’ m sure i ’ ll feel guilty if i run away from this jew , my master .
anyway , my conscience says , “ stay put. ” “ go , ” the devil says .
don ’ t go , ” says my conscience .
the devil ’ s advice is nicer .
i ’ ll run , devil .
tell me to run , and i ’ ll run .
excuse me , young man , how do i get to the jew ’ s residence ?
young man , excuse me , how do i get to the jew ’ s ?
turn right at the next turn , but at the following turn , turn left .
good heavens , those are difficult directions .
can you tell me if a man named launcelot , who lives with him , is still there ?
are you talking about young master launcelot ?
he ’ s just launcelot .
who wouldn ’ t get sad thinking about things like that ?
no , that ’ s not it , trust me .
so it ’ s not my business that ’ s making me sad .
well then , you must be in love .
you ’ re not in love either ?
but excuse me , yes , i ’ m talking about launcelot , sir .
the boy was going to support me in my old age !
what am i , a cane ?
don ’ t you recognize me , father ?
heaven help me , i don ’ t know you , sir .
but please tell me , is my boy—god rest his soul—alive or dead ?
you really don ’ t recognize me , father ?
sir , i ’ m half-blind .
i don ’ t know you .
even if you had your eyes , you still might not recognize me .
it takes a wise father to know his own child .
well , old man , i ’ ll tell you news of your son .
i ’ m sure you aren ’ t launcelot , my boy .
i ’ m launcelot , who was your boy , is your son , and will be your child .
i can ’ t believe you ’ re my son .
yes , you ’ re right , her name is margery .
if you ’ re launcelot , then you ’ re my own flesh and blood .
then dobbin ’ s tail must be growing backward .
lord , how you ’ ve changed !
how are you and your master getting along ?
i ’ ve brought him a present .
my master ’ s a total jew .
you ’ re giving him a present ?
give him a noose to hang himself .
he ’ s starving me to death .
you can see my ribs so well you can count them .
i ’ m glad you ’ ve come , father .
give me your present to give to master bassanio .
what do you want with me ?
to work for you , sir .
that ’ s what we ’ re trying to say , sir .
i know who you are .
you can have what you want .
bassanio please , leonardo , think about this i ’ ll do my best .
he ’ s walking over there , sir .
i have a favor to ask .
don ’ t say no .
let me go with you to belmont .
well , if you have to go , you have to go .
but listen to me , gratiano .
sometimes you get a bit too wild , and you let your voice get a bit loud and rude .
listen , signor bassanio , there ’ s nothing to worry about .
i ’ ll carry prayer books in my pocket and look sweet—even more .
if i don ’ t do all this , never trust me again .
well , we ’ ll see how you act .
okay , but tonight doesn ’ t count .
you can ’ t judge me based on what i do tonight .
i ’ d rather see you having fun , because we have friends coming who want to have fun .
anyway , i have to say goodbye to you now .
i ’ ve got some business to take care of .
i ’ m sorry you ’ re leaving my father like this .
it ’ s hell in our house , and you helped cheer it up , like a funny devil .
i ’ m sure some christian will resort to trickery to get you .
it ’ s not manly to cry .
oh god , what a heinous sinner i am , being ashamed to be my father ’ s child !
but i need to remember i ’ m related to him by blood , not behavior .
but we haven ’ t made any preparations .
we haven ’ t even talked about who ’ ll be our torchbearers .
i think it ’ s better to call it off .
it ’ s only four o'clock now .
we have two hours to get ready .
launcelot , what ’ s going on ?
i bet it ’ s a love letter !
to invite my former boss , the jew , to dine tonight with my new master , the christian .
meet me and gratiano at his house in about an hour .
it ’ s good we ’ re doing this .
wasn ’ t that letter from jessica ?
you ’ re both very precious to me .
you need to leave to take care of your own business .
bassanio , we ’ ll say goodbye for now , since you ’ ve found antonio .
don ’ t worry , i ’ ll be there .
i have to tell you everything .
who asked you to call her ?
i ’ m not asking you to call her .
you always loved to tell me i couldn ’ t do anything without being told .
i ’ ve been invited to supper , jessica .
here are my keys.—but why should i go ?
i wasn ’ t invited because they like me .
they ’ re just flattering me .
i don ’ t feel like going .
i know because i dreamed of money bags last night .
my new master is expecting your approach .
and i ’ m expecting his reproach .
and they ’ ve been plotting things together .
what , there ’ s going to be a masquerade ?
block up my house ’ s ears—i mean the windows .
i ’ ll go ahead of you , sir .
what did that gentile fool say to you , hmmm ?
he said “ goodbye , madam , ” and nothing else .
he sleeps all day like a cat .
anyway , jessica , go inside .
i might come back soon .
do as i told you .
shut the doors after you .
this is the roof under which lorenzo said to meet him .
yes , and that ’ s surprising , because lovers are usually early .
yes , for new lovers time passes ten times faster than for couples who ’ ve been married forever .
that ’ s always true .
who gets up from a meal with the same appetite he had when he sat down ?
can any horse retrace his footsteps with the same energy he had when he walked them the first time ?
we chase everything in life more excitedly than we actually enjoy it when we get it .
we ’ ll talk about this later .
my dear friends , thanks for your patience .
i had business that made me late .
who ’ s in there ?
tell me so i can be sure , though i swear i recognize your voice .
i ’ m lorenzo , your love .
and now who but you knows whether i ’ m yours ?
as god is my witness , you know you ’ re mine .
here , catch this box .
it ’ ll be worth your while .
you have to be my torchbearer for the masquerade .
what , i have to hold a candle up so people can see what i ’ m doing ?
i ’ ll lock up the doors , grab some more ducats , and be with you right away .
my god , she can ’ t be a jew , she ’ s too nice !
god , i ’ m crazy about her .
she ’ s wise , if i ’ m judging her right .
she ’ s beautiful , if my eyes can see .
and she ’ s loyal , as she has proven .
ah , you ’ re here ? —come on , gentlemen , let ’ s go !
our masquerade mates are waiting for us .
it ’ s nine o'clock !
our friends are all waiting for you .
there ’ s no masquerade tonight .
i ’ ve sent twenty people to look for you .
i want to head out tonight .
one of them contains my picture .
if you choose that one , i ’ m yours , along with the picture .
i wish some god could help me choose !
i ’ ll look over the inscriptions again .
what does the lead box say ?
he who chooses me must give and risk all he has. ” must give everything—for what ?
this box is too threatening .
men who risk everything hope to make profits .
a golden mind doesn ’ t bend down to choose something worthless .
so i won ’ t give or risk anything for lead .
what does the silver one say ?
what if i went no further and chose this one ?
the whole world wants her .
princes travel across deserts and the vast wilderness of arabia to come see the beautiful portia .
one of these three boxes contains her lovely picture .
could the lead one contain it ?
no , it ’ d be a sin to think such a low thought .
lead ’ s too crass to hold her .
is she enclosed in silver , which is ten times less valuable than gold ?
oh , what a sinful thought !
nobody ever set a gem like her in a worse setting than gold .
you don ’ t look well , antonio .
people with too much invested in the world always get hurt .
i ’ d rather overload my liver with wine than starve my heart by denying myself fun .
i ’ ll talk to you more about this some other time .
i ’ m a fool.—let ’ s go , lorenzo.—goodbye for now .
i ’ ll finish my lecture after dinner .
here an angel ’ s lying in a golden bed.—give me the key .
i will choose this one and try my chances .
it ’ s a skull with a scroll in its empty eye socket .
i ’ ll read it aloud .
all that glitters is not gold— you ’ ve often heard that said .
many men have sold their souls just to view my shiny surface .
but gilded tombs contain worms .
portia , goodbye to you .
my heart ’ s too sad for long goodbyes .
good riddance ! —close the curtains and leave.—i hope everyone who looks like him will make the same choice .
i saw bassanio sail away , and gratiano went with him .
i ’ m sure lorenzo isn ’ t on their ship .
that wicked jew got the duke to listen to his complaints .
the duke went with him to search bassanio ’ s ship .
he got there too late .
the ship was already sailing .
in any case , antonio assured the duke they weren ’ t with bassanio on his ship .
i ’ ve never heard such confused emotions as what that jew dog was shouting in the streets .
ran off with a christian !
justice , find the girl !
i hope antonio repays his loan on time , or he ’ ll suffer for this .
that ’ s a good point .
you should tell antonio what you hear—but don ’ t do it suddenly , because it might upset him .
i saw bassanio and antonio say goodbye .
bassanio told him he ’ d try to hurry back .
as for the jew ’ s contract , don ’ t let it be a factor in your plans .
then he shook bassanio ’ s hand affectionately—and they separated .
i think he only loves life because of bassanio .
let ’ s go find him and cheer him up .
yes , let ’ s do that .
hurry , hurry , close the curtain quick .
the prince of arragon has taken his oath , and he ’ s coming to make his choice now .
look , here are the boxes , prince .
if you choose the one that contains my picture , we ’ ll be married right away .
but if you fail , you have to leave immediately .
everyone who comes to gamble on winning me has to swear to these three rules .
okay , i ’ m ready .
i hope luck will give me what my heart hopes for !
gold , silver , and common lead .
what does the golden box say ?
hmm , let me see :
we seemed to have two separate bodies , but we had one heart .
do you want to destroy our old friendship by joining these men to insult your poor friend ?
it ’ s not friendly , and it ’ s not ladylike .
i ’ m not insulting you .
it sounds more like you ’ re insulting me .
why does he talk like that to a girl he can ’ t stand ?
and why does lysander deny that he loves you , when he loves you so deeply ?
you should pity me for that reason , not hate me .
i don ’ t know what you ’ re talking about .
it ’ s partly my own fault , since i followed you here .
my love , my life , my soul , beautiful helena !
that ’ s a good one .
you can ’ t force me any more than hermia can beg me .
your threats are no stronger than her whining.—helena , i love you .
i say that i love you more than he does .
if that ’ s what you say , go fight a duel with me and prove it .
lysander , where are you going with all this ?
why have you gotten so rude ?
get out , you dark-skinned gypsy !
get out , you horrible poison .
of course he is , and so are you .
demetrius , i ’ m ready to fight you as promised .
i wish we had a signed legal contract .
i don ’ t trust you .
sure , i hate her , but i wouldn ’ t hurt her .
i certainly did , and i never wanted to see you again .
so stop hoping and wondering what i mean .
i ’ ve spelled it out for you clearly .
oh , that ’ s very nice !
you ought to be ashamed of yourself !
why “ puppet ” ? —oh , i see where this is going .
so how short am i , you painted barber pole ?
good hermia , please don ’ t act so bitter toward me .
and i followed him because i loved him .
but he told me to get lost and threatened to hit me , kick me—even kill me .
you see how naïve and foolish i ’ ve been .
well , get out of here then !
what ’ s keeping you ?
my stupid heart , which i ’ m leaving behind here .
what , you ’ re leaving it with lysander ?
don ’ t be afraid .
she can ’ t hurt you , helena .
she was a hellcat in school .
and she ’ s fierce , even though she ’ s little .
let me at her ! .
how are you , my love ? —demetrius and egeus , come with us .
we ’ re following you not only because it is our duty , but also because we want to .
what ’ s going on , my love ?
why are you so pale ?
why have your rosy cheeks faded so quickly ?
listen , in books they say that true love always faces obstacles .
either the lovers have different social standings—
don ’ t talk about helena .
don ’ t take helena ’ s side .
if you continue treating hermia so badly , you ’ ll pay for it .
hermia ’ s not holding onto me anymore .
follow me if you ’ re brave enough , and we ’ ll fight over helena .
no , i ’ ll walk right next to you , side by side .
all this fighting is because of you .
i don ’ t know what to say .
believe me , king of illusions , i made a mistake .
as you can see , these lovers are looking for a place to fight .
hurry up , robin , and make the night dark and cloudy .
we ’ ve got to act fast , my lord of the fairies .
but you should hurry anyway .
we still have time to get all of this done before daybreak .
up and down , up and down , i will lead them up and down .
the people fear me in the country and the town .
goblin , lead them up and down .
here comes one of them now .
where are you , demetrius , you arrogant bastard ?
you coward , did you run away from me ?
are you behind some bush ?
he ’ s walking ahead of me , and he keeps daring me to follow him .
when i reach the place he ’ s calling from , he disappears .
this villain is much quicker than i am .
i ’ ll rest here .
no , you ’ re just taunting me .
you ’ ll pay for this if i ever see you face-to-face in the daylight .
oh , what a long , tedious , exhausting night !
we ’ re still waiting for one more .
two of both kinds makes four .
ah , here she comes , angry and sad .
cupid is a bad boy for making poor women go crazy like this .
i ’ ll sleep here until morning .
if they do fight , i hope lysander is safe !
sleep well there on the ground .
scratch my head , peaseblossom .
where ’ s monsieur cobweb ?
don ’ t tire yourself out , monsieur .
oh , and monsieur , be careful not to break the honey-sac .
i ’ d hate to see you drowned in honey , sir .
where ’ s monsieur mustardseed ?
give me your first , mr. mustardseed .
please , stop bowing , good sir .
what would you like me to do ?
nothing , good sir , except to help sir cobweb scratch my head .
would you like to hear some music , my sweet love ?
i have a pretty good ear for music .
let ’ s hear someone play the triangle and the sticks .
or tell me , my sweet love , what you ’ d like to eat .
actually , i ’ d like a few pounds of grass .
i ’ d like to munch on some good dry oats .
or maybe i ’ ve got a hankering for a bundle of hay .
there ’ s nothing like good hay , really sweet hay .
i ’ d rather have a handful or two of dried peas .
but please don ’ t let any of your people wake me up .
i really want to sleep now .
go to sleep , and i will wrap my arms around you .
oh , how i love you !
i ’ m so crazy about you !
do you see this sweet sight ?
now i ’ m starting to pity titania for being so infatuated .
but first i ’ ll release the fairy queen from the spell .
now , titania , wake up , my sweet queen .
there ’ s your boyfriend , sleeping right over there .
oh , i hate looking at his face now !
play the kind of music that puts people to sleep .
being too old to marry someone young .
that ’ s how intense things like love are quickly destroyed .
if true lovers are always thwarted , then it must be a rule of fate .
that ’ s the right attitude .
so , listen , hermia .
she lives about twenty miles from athens , and she thinks of me as a son .
so here ’ s the plan .
i can hear the lark singing .
one of you go find the forest ranger .
unleash the dogs in the western valley .
now go find the forest ranger .
i was with the heroes hercules and cadmus once , when their spartan hunting dogs cornered a bear .
i ’ d never heard such raucous music , such pleasant thunder .
i don ’ t understand why they ’ re all here together .
but tell me , egeus .
it is , my lord .
go tell the hunters to blow their horns and wake them up .
good morning , my friends .
valentine ’ s day is over .
are you lovebirds only starting to pair up now ?
forgive us , my lord .
please , all of you , stand up .
i swear , at the moment i really couldn ’ t tell you how i ended up here .
now the only person i love , and believe in , and want to look at , is helena .
i was engaged to her before i ever met hermia .
you pretty lovers are lucky you met me here .
we ’ ll talk more about this later.—egeus , i ’ m overriding your wishes .
come with us to athens .
we three couples will celebrate with a sumptuous feast .
are you sure we ’ re awake ?
it seems to me like we ’ re still sleeping , still dreaming .
and he told us to follow him to the temple .
well , then , we ’ re awake .
and i ’ ll sing it for the duke in the intermission of a play .
or maybe , to make it even more lovely , i ’ ll sing it when the heroine dies .
have you sent anyone to bottom ’ s house ?
has he come home yet ?
no one ’ s heard from him .
i ’ m sure he ’ s been kidnapped .
if he doesn ’ t show up , the play is ruined .
it won ’ t go on .
no , it would be impossible .
he ’ s quite simply the smartest working-man in athens .
yes , and the best looking too .
and his voice is the paramour of sweetness .
you mean “ paragon. ” a the duke ’ s leaving the temple .
two or three more lords and ladies have been married too .
if we ’ d been able to put on our play , we would have had it made .
oh that great , funny guy , bottom !
he would have gotten a pension of six pence a day for his whole life .
six pence a day would ’ ve been forced on him .
and he would have deserved it too .
where are my good fellows ?
oh , how wonderful to see you !
oh , what a relief !
i ’ ll tell you everything exactly as it happened .
no , you won ’ t get a word out of me .
all i ’ ll tell you is that the duke has had dinner already .
now it ’ s time to get your costumes together .
meet me at the palace as soon as possible .
look over your lines again .
and no one eat any onions or garlic .
these lovers are saying some strange things , theseus .
i ’ ll never believe any of these old legends or fairy tales .
lunatics , lovers , and poets all are ruled by their overactive imaginations .
their story is bizarre and astounding , but it ’ s solid and consistent .
here come the lovers , laughing happily.—i wish you joy , my friends !
where is our entertainment director ?
what performances have been prepared ?
here i am , theseus .
which plays , what music ?
how will we pass the time without some entertainment ?
keep your promise , my love .
look , here comes helena .
did you just call me “ beautiful ” ?
you ’ re the beautiful one as far as demetrius is concerned .
oh , you ’ re so lucky !
if the world were mine , i ’ d give it all up—everything except demetrius—to be you .
that ’ s like hot ice and strange snow .
how can this drama be so many contradictory things ?
it ’ s tragic because pyramus kills himself .
so let ’ s see it .
no , my noble lord .
this play isn ’ t right for you .
i ’ ll watch this play .
come on , bring them in .
you won ’ t see anything like that , sweetheart .
he just said that they ’ re no good at acting .
your grace , the person who is going to deliver the prologue is ready .
if we happen to offend you , it ’ s because we want to .
please keep in mind we ’ re only here out of spite .
we don ’ t come here with the intention of making you happy .
we ’ re absolutely not here to delight you .
by watching their show , you ’ ll find out everything you ’ re likely to know .
this guy doesn ’ t pay much attention to punctuation .
he rode that prologue like a wild horse .
he didn ’ t know how to stop it .
his speech was like a tangled chain .
i wonder if the lion ’ s going to talk .
it wouldn ’ t surprise me , my lord .
can you imagine cement and stone talking better ?
it ’ s the smartest partition i ’ ve ever heard speak , my lord .
pyramus is coming up to the wall .
god bless you for doing this .
but what ’ s this i see ?
i don ’ t see any thisbe .
oh wicked wall , through which i don ’ t see any happiness !
damn your stones for disappointing me like this !
since the wall is conscious , it should curse back at him .
i ’ ll go to the hole to see if i can hear my thisbe ’ s face .
you are my love , my love , i think .
i ’ m your love , no matter what you think .
will you meet me right away at ninny ’ s grave ?
neither death nor life will stop me from coming .
i , wall , have done my part .
now that i ’ m done , wall can go away .
this is the silliest thing i ’ ve ever seen .
in that case it ’ s your imagination that ’ s interesting , not the play .
look , here come two noble animals , a man and a lion .
ah , it ’ s a sensitive animal , with a good conscience .
he ’ s as brave as a fox .
and as wise as a goose .
oh , that ’ s not true , my lord .
he ’ s not brave enough to be wise .
he ’ s not wise enough to be brave .
anyway , he is what he is .
let ’ s listen to the moon .
this lantern represents the moon .
the man should be inside the lantern .
how else is he the “ man in the moon ” ?
he can ’ t go in there because of the candle .
it ’ s too hot .
i ’ m tired of this moon .
well , all of these should be in the lantern , because they ’ re all in the moon .
but be quiet , here comes thisbe .
this is old ninny ’ s tomb .
but where is my love ?
good shining , moon ! —really , the moon shines very well .
that ’ s good , lion !
i frown at him , but he still loves me .
oh , if only my smiles could inspire love as effectively as your frowns !
i curse him , but he loves me .
if only my prayers could inspire that kind of affection !
the more i hate him , the more he follows me around .
the more i love him , the more he hates me .
it ’ s not my fault he acts like that , helena .
that ’ s true , it ’ s your beauty ’ s fault .
i wish i had a fault like that !
he won ’ t see my face ever again .
lysander and i are running away from here .
before i saw lysander , athens seemed like paradise to me .
but lysander ’ s so attractive that he ’ s turned heaven into hell !
helena , we ’ ll tell you about our secret plan .
and then pyramus showed up .
sweet moon , i thank you for your sunny beams .
but , look , poor me , what a terrible tragedy is here !
eyes , do you see ?
oh , fate , come and cut the thread of my life .
conquer , crush , conclude , and kill !
oh , mother nature , why did you create lions ?
and so i ’ m dying .
okay , now i ’ m dead .
now die , die , die , die , die .
with a doctor ’ s help he might recover and become an ass again .
i don ’ t think a ridiculous pyramus like that one deserves much moaning .
i hope she keeps it short .
look , she ’ s spotted him with those sweet eyes of hers .
and now she ’ ll start moaning , of course— are you asleep , my love ?
what , are you dead , my dove ?
oh , pyramus , get up !
can ’ t you talk ?
the dirt of a grave must cover your sweet eyes !
your lily-white lips , your cherry-red nose , and your buttercup-yellow cheeks are gone , gone forever .
lovers , moan and weep .
his eyes were as green as leeks .
oh , fate , come , come to me , with hands as pale as milk .
soak your hands in blood and gore , since you have cut the thread of his life with scissors .
tongue , do not speak .
come , blade , drench my breast with blood .
moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead .
yes , and wall too .
never apologize—when the actors are all dead , no one can be blamed .
it ’ s a good tragedy , very well done .
but come on , let ’ s see you do your dance .
the clock has chimed midnight .
lovers , it ’ s time to go to bed .
it ’ s almost fairy time .
dear friends , let ’ s go to bed .
let the dying fire shine a glimmering light throughout the house .
first rehearse your song from memory , and make sure each note is pretty .
we ’ ll all join hands and sing , and bless this place with our fairy grace .
if you forgive us , we ’ ll make everything all right .
if not , then i ’ m a liar .
so good night to everyone .
give me some applause , if we ’ re friends , and robin will make everything up to you .
from then on we ’ ll turn our backs on athens .
we ’ ll look for new friends and keep the company of strangers .
we need to stay away from each other until midnight tomorrow .
i will , my hermia .
i hope demetrius comes to love you as much as you love him !
demetrius doesn ’ t think so , and that ’ s all that matters .
he refuses to admit what everyone else knows .
love can make worthless things beautiful .
when we ’ re in love , we don ’ t see with our eyes but with our minds .
that ’ s why paintings of cupid , the god of love , always show him as blind .
that ’ s why they say love is a child .
he ’ ll run after her .
answer when i call your name.—nick bottom , the weaver ?
tell me which part i ’ m going to play , then go on .
you , nick bottom , have been cast as pyramus .
i could do a great job with hercules , or any other part that requires ranting and raving .
a lover would have to be weepier , of course .
francis flute , the bellows-repairman ?
a knight on a quest ?
thisbe is the lady pyramus is in love with .
no , come on , don ’ t make me play a woman .
i ’ m growing a beard .
that doesn ’ t matter .
you ’ ll wear a mask , and you can make your voice as high as you want to .
in that case , if i can wear a mask , let me play thisbe too !
bottom , you ’ re pyramus.—and flute , you ’ re thisbe .
robin starveling , the tailor ?
robin starveling , you ’ re going to play thisbe ’ s mother.—tom snout , the handyman .
i hope this play is well cast now .
do you have the lion ’ s part written down ?
if you do , please give it to me , because i need to start learning the lines .
let me play the lion too .
and that would get us all executed .
yeah , that would get every single one of us executed .
so you ’ re the only one who could play pyramus .
well then , i ’ ll do it .
what kind of beard should i wear for the part ?
whatever kind you want , i guess .
no , you ’ ll see , four days will quickly turn into four nights .
and since we dream at night , time passes quickly then .
sadness is only appropriate for funerals .
we don ’ t want it at our festivities .
but i ’ ll marry you under different circumstances—with extravagant festivals , public festivities , and celebration .
long live theseus , our famous and respected duke !
meanwhile , i ’ ll make a list of props that we ’ ll need for the play .
don ’ t leave me in the lurch .
we ’ ll be there , and there we ’ ll rehearse courageously and wonderfully , truly obscenely .
we ’ ll meet at the giant oak tree in the duke ’ s forest .
be there , or don ’ t show your face again .
i wander everywhere faster than the moon revolves around the earth .
i work for titania , the fairy queen , and organize fairy dances for her in the grass .
the cowslip flowers are her bodyguards .
their sweet smells come from those little freckles .
now i have to go find some dewdrops and hang a pearl earring on every cowslip flower .
goodbye , you dumb old spirit .
i ’ ve got to go .
the queen and her elves will be here soon .
he ’ s furious because she stole an adorable boy from an indian king .
he wants the child for himself , to accompany him on his wanderings through the wild forests .
instead , she puts flowers in the boy ’ s hair and makes a fuss over him .
you do their work for them and give them good luck .
that ’ s you , right ?
what you say is true .
that ’ s me you ’ re talking about , the playful wanderer of the night .
but step aside , fairy !
and here ’ s my mistress , titania .
i wish he ’ d go away !
how what , are you jealous , oberon ? —fairies , let ’ s get out of here .
i ’ ve sworn i ’ ll never sleep with him or talk to him again .
wait just a minute , you brazen hussy .
the only reason you left india was to come here and see that butch amazon hippolyta .
these are nothing but jealous lies .
so the pale , angry moon , who controls the tides , fills the air with diseases .
and this is all because of our argument .
we are responsible for this .
do something about it , then .
you have the power to fix it .
why would titania want to argue with her oberon ?
all i ’ m asking for is to have that little human boy as part of my crew .
i won ’ t give up this child for all of fairyland .
how long do you plan to stay here in this forest ?
maybe until after theseus ’ s wedding day .
if not , leave me alone , and i ’ ll stay away from your turf .
give me that boy and i ’ ll come with you .
not for your entire fairy kingdom.—come , fairies , let ’ s go .
we ’ re going to have an out-and-out brawl if i stay any longer .
well , go on your way , then .
you won ’ t leave this grove until i ’ ve paid you back for this insult .
you couldn ’ t see him , but i could .
but i paid attention to where cupid ’ s arrow fell .
young girls call it “ love-in-idleness. ” bring me that flower .
i showed it to you once .
bring me this plant , and get back here before the sea monster has time to swim three miles .
i could go around the world in forty minutes .
but who ’ s that coming this way ?
look , i don ’ t love you , so stop following me around .
where are lysander and beautiful hermia ?
lysander i want to stop , but hermia stops my heart from beating .
you told me they escaped into this forest .
go away , get out of here , and stop following me .
you attract me to you , you cruel magnet !
but you must not attract iron , because my heart is as true as steel .
do i ask you to follow me ?
do i speak to you kindly ?
don ’ t i tell you in the clearest terms that i do not and can not love you ?
yes , but that makes me love you even more .
i ’ m your little dog , demetrius .
the more you beat me , the more i ’ ll love you .
just let me follow behind you , even though i ’ m not good enough for you .
just looking at you makes me sick .
and i get sick when i can ’ t look at you .
i rely on your virtue to protect me .
the wildest animal isn ’ t as cruel as you are .
yes , you already hurt me in the church , in the town , and in the fields .
shame on you , demetrius !
your behavior is an insult to all women .
we can not fight for love as men can .
i ’ ll follow you and turn this hell i ’ m in into a kind of heaven .
do you have the flower ?
yes , here it is .
please , give it to me .
what ’ s new with you ?
what do you have to say for yourself , hermia ?
demetrius is an admirable man .
titania sleeps there sometimes at night , lulled to sleep among the flowers by dances and other delights .
snakes shed their skin there , and the shed skin is wide enough to wrap a fairy in .
don ’ t worry , sir .
i ’ m at your service .
okay , let ’ s go !
everything ’ s fine now .
one of us will stay and stand guard .
whatever you see first when you wake up , think of it as your true love .
wake up when something nasty is nearby .
let ’ s do that , lysander .
i ’ m going to rest my head on this little slope .
we ’ ll have one heart , one bed , two bodies , and one faithful vow .
don ’ t sleep so close to me .
i just meant that our hearts are joined , so we can almost think of them as one heart .
so let me sleep next to you .
stay away for now , and good night , my sweet friend .
i hope your love for me remains this strong for your entire life !
i ’ ll sleep over here .
stop , even if only to kill me .
oh , will you leave me alone in the dark ?
stay here at your own risk .
i ’ m going on alone .
oh , i ’ m out of breath from this foolish chase .
the more i pray , the less i get out of it .
hermia is lucky , wherever she is , because she has beautiful eyes .
how did her eyes get so bright ?
if that ’ s the case , tears wash my eyes more than hers .
so it ’ s no surprise that demetrius runs away from me as if i were a monster .
what evil and deceitful mirror made me think i could rival hermia ’ s starry eyes ?
don ’ t say that , lysander .
don ’ t say that .
why do you care that he loves hermia ?
i regret all the boring time i wasted with her .
i don ’ t love hermia ; i love helena .
fruits and vegetables don ’ t ripen until the right season of the year .
likewise , i ’ m young , and my sense of reason has just ripened .
do you have to harp on my inadequacy ?
i have to tell you , i thought you were a much kinder person than this .
this is the perfect place to rehearse .
this clearing will be the stage , and this hawthorn bush will be our dressing room .
peter quince— what is it , jolly bottom ?
there are things in this comedy of pyramus and thisbe that will never work .
what should we do about that ?
i think we ’ ll have to leave out all the killing , come to think of it .
i ’ ve got a plan that will fix everything .
that ’ ll keep them from being afraid .
all right , we ’ ll have a prologue then .
we ’ ll write it in alternating eight- and six-syllable lines , just like in a ballad .
no , add a couple more syllables .
make it eight and eight .
won ’ t the ladies be scared of the lion ?
i ’ m really worried about that .
there ’ s no scarier wild bird than the living lion , and we should remember that .
so we need another prologue to tell everyone he ’ s not a real lion .
because , you know , pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight .
you ’ re right , lysander ’ s admirable too .
i wish my father could see them with my eyes .
no , you must see them as your father sees them .
your grace , please forgive me .
but please , tell me the worst thing that could happen to me if i refuse to marry demetrius .
so think carefully about what you want , beautiful hermia .
consider how young you are , and question your feelings .
will the moon be shining on the night we ’ re performing our play ?
look up moonshine , look up moonshine !
what do you think , bottom ?
if we can do that , everything will be all right .
now sit down , everybody , and rehearse your parts—pyramus , you start .
speak , pyramus.—thisbe , come forward .
that ’ s “ ninus ’ s grave , ” man .
and don ’ t say all of that yet .
you just said all your lines at once , cues and all.—pyramus , enter .
it ’ s “ never get tired. ” oh !
it ’ s a monster !
we ’ re being haunted .
run , everyone , run !
i ’ ll follow you .
sometimes i ’ ll turn into fire !
why are they running away ?
oh , bottom , you ’ ve changed !
what have you got on your head ?
what do you think i ’ ve got on my head ?
you ’ re acting like an ass , don ’ t you think ?
god bless you , bottom , god bless you .
but i won ’ t leave this spot , no matter what they do .
who ’ d waste his time talking to such a stupid bird ?
i don ’ t think you ’ ve got much of a reason to love me .
it ’ s too bad some mutual friend of theirs doesn ’ t introduce them .
you ’ re as wise as you are beautiful .
no , that ’ s not true .
i ’ m no ordinary fairy .
be kind and polite to this gentleman .
leap and dance for him .
feed him apricots and blackberries , with purple grapes , green figs , and mulberries .
pluck off colorful butterfly wings , and use them to fan moonbeams away from his eyes as he sleeps .
bow to him , fairies , and curtsy to him .
i beg your pardon , sirs.—please tell me your name , sir ?
i ’ d like to get to know you better , mr. cobweb .
please , give my regards to your mother , mrs. peapod , and your father , mr. peapod .
good mr. mustardseed , i know you very well .
i swear to you , many members of your mustard family have made my eyes water before .
i look forward to getting to know you better , mr. mustardseed .
take good care of him .
take him to my sleeping area .
the moon looks sad to me .
when she cries , all the little flowers cry too .
bring him to me in silence .
ah , here comes my messenger.—what ’ s going on , you crazy spirit ?
what havoc have you wreaked in this part of the forest ?
my mistress titania is in love with a monster .
i led them on in this frightened , distracted state , and left sweet
at that exact moment , titania woke up and immediately fell in love with him , an ass .
this is going even better than i planned .
why are you so rude to someone who loves you so much ?
save that kind of harsh language for your worst enemy .
he was more faithful to me than the sun is to the daytime .
would he have snuck away from me while i was asleep ?
the only possibility is that you ’ ve murdered him .
a murderer should look like you do , so pale and grim .
what does that have to do with my lysander ?
oh , good demetrius , will you find him for me ?
did you kill him , then ?
oh , how brave of you !
a snake could do that as easily as you could .
i didn ’ t kill lysander .
as far as i know , he ’ s not even dead .
then please tell me he ’ s all right .
if i told you that , what would i get out of it ?
please give in , sweet hermia.—and lysander , stop acting like she ’ s yours .
her father loves you , demetrius .
she ’ s mine , and i ’ m giving her to demetrius .
the privilege of never seeing me again .
and now i ’ m going to leave your despised company .
you ’ ll never see me again , whether or not he ’ s dead .
so i ’ ll stay here for a while .
that ’ s the way of the world .
should we watch this ridiculous scene ?
lord , what fools these mortals are !
the noise they ’ re making will wake up demetrius .
then the two of them will both pursue one girl .
why do you think i ’ m making fun of you when i tell you i love you ?
people don ’ t cry when they ’ re mocking someone .
you get trickier and trickier .
demetrius loves her , and he doesn ’ t love you .
i see you ’ re all determined to gang up on me for a few laughs .
don ’ t be cruel , demetrius .
lysander , keep your hermia .
i don ’ t want her .
helena , it ’ s not true .
look , here comes the woman you love .
why did you leave me alone so unkindly ?
why stay when love tells you to go ?
but what love could make my lysander leave me ?
why are you looking for me ?
didn ’ t you figure out that i left you because i hate you ?
you can ’ t mean what you ’ re saying .
so , she ’ s in on this too !
now i see that all three of them have gotten together to play this cruel trick on me .
our friendship in our schooldays , our childhood innocence ?
we grew together like twin cherries—which seemed to be separate but were also together—two lovely cherries on one stem .
there is scorn and disdain in her eyes , and those sparkling eyes despise everything they look upon .
she can ’ t even imagine what “ love ” is .
it would be bad if she knew about benedick ’ s love and teased him about it .
and so she turns men inside out and never acknowledges the integrity and merit that a man has .
but who would dare tell her ?
she ’ d laugh me right out of my body and kill me with her wit .
like a fire that gets covered up , benedick should smother his love and waste away .
no , instead i ’ ll go to benedick and advise him to fight his emotions .
you don ’ t know how quickly affection can be killed with a single nasty word .
oh , don ’ t injure your cousin like that !
he ’ s the only worthy man in italy , aside from my dear claudio .
true , he has an excellent reputation .
and he deserves it , having been excellent before he had a reputation for it .
when are you getting married , madam ?
tomorrow , and then every day after that .
come on , let ’ s go inside .
i ’ ll go with you , my lord , if you ’ ll allow me .
gentleman , i am not the same man i was before .
i hope he ’ s in love .
there isn ’ t a single drop of sincerity in him that could be touched with love .
if he looks serious , he must need money .
what , are you moaning on about your toothache ?
i repeat , he ’ s in love .
he brushes his hat in the mornings .
what do you think that means ?
has any man seen him at the barber ’ s ?
no , but the barber ’ s assistant has been seen with him .
and he ’ s rubbed himself with perfume .
can you smell out his secret now ?
but when you take up your duties too cheerfully .
that ’ s what her mother always tells me .
ah , he got you back , benedick !
congratulations , lady : you resemble a most honorable man .
i ’ m amazed you ’ re still talking , signior benedick .
no one ’ s listening to you .
look , it ’ s my dear lady disdain !
aren ’ t you dead yet ?
that ’ s as good as proof that the sweet young man ’ s in love .
the biggest clue is his seriousness .
and when has he ever been known to wash his face ?
yes , or to wear cosmetics ?
i hear what they say about him for doing that .
a conclusion , a conclusion : he is in love .
oh , and i know who loves him .
she ’ ll be buried with her face upwards , then .
this chatter is no cure for my toothache .
my lord and brother , god save you .
if you don ’ t mind , i ’ d like to speak with you .
but count claudio can stay , for what i ’ m about to say concerns him .
what ’ s the matter ?
you know that he does .
i don ’ t know that , once he knows what i know .
if there ’ s any reason we shouldn ’ t get married , i urge you to tell me .
you may think that i don ’ t love you .
i hope that , after i tell you my news , you will think better of me .
why , what ’ s the matter ?
that ’ s the one : leonato ’ s hero , your hero , every man ’ s hero .
the word is too good to represent her wickedness .
she is worse than wicked .
if you can think of a more awful title , i ’ ll call her that .
but don ’ t keep wondering without more proof .
if you still love her after that , then marry her tomorrow .
but you would be more honorable if you changed your mind .
i won ’ t consider it .
and since i wooed her in your name , i ’ ll join you in disgracing her .
remain calm until midnight , and then you ’ ll see what the trouble is .
oh , this day has turned into a disaster !
oh , mischief has ruined our plans !
oh , a plague has been prevented , thank god !
that ’ s what you ’ ll say once you ’ ve seen part two .
are you all good and honest men ?
come here , sir seacole .
god has blessed you with a good name .
to be good-looking is a matter of luck , but to read and write is a natural gift .
both of which , master constable— you have .
i knew that would be your answer .
well , for your good looks , sir , thank god and don ’ t boast about it .
you ’ re thought to be the most
you will and what if he won ’ t stop ?
we know what ’ s appropriate for a watch .
why , you speak like an experienced and quiet watchman .
and what if they won ’ t go ?
well then , leave them alone until they ’ re sober .
so if we know that a man is a thief , should we try to arrest him ?
you , constable , are representing the prince himself .
if you meet the prince in the night , you can order him to stop .
no , by our lady , i don ’ t think he can .
i ’ ll bet any man who knows the law five shillings to one on it .
by our lady , i think that ’ s true .
and if anything important happens , find me and let me know .
well gentlemen , we ’ ve heard our assignment .
let ’ s sit here on the church bench until two and then go off to bed .
one more thing , good gentlemen .
come to think of it , i thought i felt a scab there .
i ’ ll get you for that .
now get on with your story .
you should know i ’ ve earned a thousand gold pieces from don john .
is it possible that any crime could be so valuable ?
you should ask instead if it ’ s possible that any criminal could be so rich .
because when rich villains need poor villains ' services , those poor ones can name the price .
i can ’ t believe it .
that only proves how inexperienced you are .
you know that the style of a man ’ s jacket or hat or coat means nothing .
yes , it ’ s just clothing .
yes , fashion is fashion .
c ’ mon , i might as well say the fool ’ s the fool !
but don ’ t you see what a did you hear someone ?
but you ’ re all wound up about fashion , too .
no , i ’ m not wound up .
but i will tell you that i seduced margaret , the lady hero ’ s waiting woman , tonight .
that makes lady courtesy a traitor .
all ladies love me , except you .
it ’ s too bad i ’ m so hard-hearted , because i really don ’ t love anyone .
women are lucky , then .
you would make a nasty suitor .
if he has a face like yours , a good scratching couldn ’ t make him look any worse .
listen to you , instructing me like a parrot would .
i ’ d rather be a squawking bird than an animal like you .
i wish my horse moved as fast as your mouth and was as tireless .
that ’ s it—i ’ m done .
you always slip out of the argument like this .
i know you from before .
i think he ’ s actually serious , and not just being polite .
and they thought margaret was hero ?
we charge you , in the prince ’ s name , to stop !
call up the master constable dogberry .
we have and one of them is the criminal deformed .
i know him ; he wears a lock of hair .
gentlemen , gentlemen— gentlemen , don ’ t speak .
we ’ re probably a very valuable catch for these guys .
let ’ s go , we ’ ll obey you .
good ursula , go wake my cousin and ask her to get up .
and request that she come here .
really , i think your other ruff is better .
no , please good meg , i ’ ll wear this one .
my cousin ’ s a fool , and you are too .
i ’ ll wear this one and none other .
oh , they say that dress surpasses all others .
but for a fine , elegant , graceful , and excellent dress , yours is worth ten of those .
i hope i enjoy wearing it , for my heart is very heavy .
it will be made even heavier soon—by the weight of a man .
shame of what , lady ?
sex and marriage are honorable things—even for a beggar , right ?
and isn ’ t your husband an honorable man ?
good morning , sweet hero .
why do you sound so odd ?
you sound out of tune .
you sing , and i ’ ll dance .
the count sent me an excellent pair of perfumed gloves .
sorry , i ’ m all stuffed .
ever since you lost yours .
doesn ’ t my wit suit me well ?
god , i ’ m really sick .
i just meant that you should use some holy thistle .
maybe you think that i think you ’ re in love .
and yet i think you look with your eyes just like every other woman does .
it ’ s not a false gallop , anyway .
good cousin , good meg , good ursula , come help me get dressed .
what do you want from me , my good man ?
indeed , sir , it is .
yes , it truly is .
what ’ s the news , my good friends ?
sorry , sir , goodman verges tends to ramble .
but truly , if i were as
oh , so you ’ d give me all your tediousness ?
god gives those gifts—i had nothing to do with it .
now i must return to the wedding .
one more thing , sir .
examine them yourselves , then bring me your findings .
now i ’ m in a great hurry , as i ’ m sure you can see .
my lord , they ’ re waiting for you to give your daughter away to claudio .
go to francis seacole , the constable of the watch .
tell him to bring his pen and his inkwell to the jail .
we won ’ t hold back any of our wisdom .
we ’ ll drive them to a
i am being serious , my lord .
i ’ m not a man who talks a lot , but i thank you .
if it pleases you , your highness , will you lead us all inside ?
give me your hand , leonato .
we will go in together .
benedick , did you notice signior leonato ’ s daughter ?
i saw her , but i didn ’ t notice her .
isn ’ t she a well-mannered young lady ?
do you want my true opinion ?
or do you want me to criticize her like i do all women ?
no , please , speak seriously .
you think i ’ m kidding .
please tell me seriously what you think of her .
all right , friar francis , let ’ s keep this short .
no , he comes to be married lady , do you come here to be married to this count ?
do you know any , hero ?
do you know any , count ?
i ’ m sure i can answer for him—he doesn ’ t know any , either .
oh , the things men dare to do !
the things men are allowed to do !
the things men do daily , not knowing what they ’ re doing !
what , are we playing with interjections ?
well then , add some interjections that indicate laughter , like hold on , friar .
as freely , son , as god gave her to me .
and what should i give you that would be equal in value to this rare and precious gift ?
nothing , sir , except grandchildren .
there , leonato , take your daughter back .
she only appears honorable from the outside .
look , how she blushes like a virgin !
oh , sin can disguise itself so artfully !
doesn ’ t that rising blush suggest that she is virtuous and innocent ?
but she is no virgin .
she has been in a man ’ s bed .
she blushes from guilt , not modesty .
what do you mean , my lord ?
and have i ever seemed less than modest or appropriate to you ?
curse you for your false appearances !
is that why you ’ re talking so wildly ?
good prince , say something !
i ’ ve been dishonored : i arranged for a friend of mine to marry a common whore .
are you really saying these things , or am i dreaming ?
they ’ re really being spoken , sir , and they ’ re true .
this doesn ’ t look like a wedding .
leonato , am i standing here ?
is this the prince ’ s brother ?
is this face hero ’ s ?
yes , that ’ s all true—but what do you mean by it , my lord ?
as my child , i order you to do so .
oh , god help me !
what kind of game is this ?
we just want you to answer to your real name .
isn ’ t my name hero ?
who can stain that name with a just accusation ?
indeed , hero herself can !
you ’ ve stained your virtue with your own actions .
what man were you talking to at your window last night , between the hours of midnight and one ?
if you ’ re a virgin , you ’ ll answer this question .
i wasn ’ t talking to any man at that time , my lord .
pretty lady , i ’ m much ashamed of your shocking behavior .
what ’ s wrong , cousin ?
come , let ’ s go .
these revelations have overwhelmed her .
she ’ s dead , i think.—help , uncle ! —hero , why hero !
death is the best way to cover over her shame .
how are you , hero ?
yes , why shouldn ’ t she ?
isn ’ t every living thing condemning her ?
am i sorry that i only had one child ?
do i blame nature for being so thrifty ?
oh , one child is one too many !
why did i ever have one ?
why did you once seem lovely to me ?
sir , sir , calm down .
i ’ m so amazed by this , i don ’ t know what to say .
oh , on my soul , my cousin has been slandered falsely !
lady , did you sleep in her room last night ?
no , i didn ’ t , but i did every night for the past year .
then it ’ s confirmed !
but she must be , friar .
the princes are under some strange misunderstanding .
i don ’ t know .
if they have spoken the truth about hero , i will tear her apart with my bare hands .
hold on a moment , and listen to my advice .
the princes left your daughter here for dead .
why should we do this ?
that will be a good thing .
that ’ s how claudio will respond .
signior leonato , listen to the friar ’ s plan .
are you thinking of buying her ?
but tell me , are you speaking seriously ?
or are you just teasing ?
i think she ’ s the most wonderful woman i ’ ve ever laid eyes on .
but , hey , this doesn ’ t mean you ’ re looking to get married , does it ?
what ’ s going on these days ?
isn ’ t there one man left in the world who knows not to take a wife ?
look , don pedro has come back for you .
this is a good agreement .
come , lady ; you must die in order to live .
hopefully , your wedding day is only postponed .
lady beatrice , have you been crying this entire time ?
yes , and i ’ ll keep crying a while longer .
i don ’ t wish that on you .
i really believe your cousin was falsely accused .
oh , the man who avenged her could ask anything of me !
is there any way i could show such friendship to you ?
a very clear way , but there is no friend who will undertake it .
can a man do it ?
it ’ s a job meant for a man , but not you .
there is nothing in the world that i love as much as you .
isn ’ t that strange ?
it ’ s as strange as this other thing which i don ’ t understand .
i feel awful for my cousin .
by my sword , beatrice , you love me .
not with any sauce they could provide for them .
i swear , i love you .
well then , god forgive me !
why , what have you done , sweet beatrice ?
you got to me first .
i was about to swear that i loved you .
then do so , with all your heart .
i love you with so much of my heart that none of it is left to protest with .
come , ask me to do anything for you .
i wouldn ’ t do that for the whole wide world .
then , rejecting my request , you kill
my body waits here , but the rest of me is gone .
you don ’ t really love me .
i beg you to let me go .
beatrice— i swear , i ’ m going .
not until we part as friends .
how dare you try to be my friend when you refuse to fight my enemy .
hasn ’ t he proven himself to be a great villain—slandering , scorning , and dishonoring my cousin ?
oh , i wish i were a man !
i would rip his heart out in public and eat it .
listen to me , beatrice— talking with a man outside her bedroom window !
he ’ s a proper count , that count sugarplum , a sweet gentleman , for sure !
oh , if only i were a man !
or had a friend who would be a man for me !
all this conversing has turned men into tongues—and fancy ones , at that .
the man who tells a lie and swears by it is now considered as brave as hercules .
i swear by this hand that i love you .
that ’ s enough for me , then .
i ’ ll challenge him .
i ’ ll kiss your hand , and with that i leave you .
i swear that claudio will pay dearly for this .
keep me in your thoughts and go comfort your cousin .
which ones are the malefactors ?
sir , that would be me and my partner .
have them come in front of the master constable .
yes , indeed , bring them before me .
what ’ s your name , friend ?
please , write down “ borachio. ” —and yours ?
i ’ m a gentleman , sir , and my name is conrade .
write down “ master gentleman conrade. ” —gentlemen , are you good christians , and do you serve god ?
yes , sir , we hope so .
how do you both plead ?
honestly , sir , we say that we are not criminals .
sir , i tell you we believe you ’ re both lying criminals .
sir , i tell you that we are not .
well , okay.—i swear to god , both their stories match .
have you written that down , that they aren ’ t criminals ?
master constable , you ’ re going about this all wrong .
first , you have to speak to the watchmen who accused them .
yes , good idea ; that ’ s the
this man said , sir , that don john , the prince ’ s brother , was a villain .
write down that prince john is a villain .
i swear , i don ’ t like the look of you .
that don john had given him a thousand pieces of gold for wrongfully accusing the lady hero .
that ’ s burglary , that is .
yes , by god , that it is .
what else did you hear ?
i ’ ll get there first and tell him what we found out .
honest to god , where ’ s the sexton ?
come on , tie them up .
get away from me , you ass !
don ’ t you suspect my office ?
if you keep on the way you ’ ve been going , you ’ ll kill yourself .
stop advising me ; your words pass through my ears like water through a sieve .
find a father who loved his child as overwhelmingly as i loved hero and ask
so don ’ t advise me .
please , leave me alone .
but don ’ t take all that pain on yourself .
make sure the ones who have wronged you suffer too .
now you ’ re talking .
in my soul , i believe hero has been falsely accused .
the prince and claudio are hurrying this way .
good evening , good evening .
good day to both of you .
listen , my lords— we ’ re in a bit of a hurry , leonato .
your highness will have to force me to tell .
it ’ s good if you love hero , because she ’ s worthy of your love .
you ’ re trying to trick me , my lord .
i swear , i ’ m telling you what i honestly think .
a bit of a hurry , my lord !
well then , good bye , my lord .
you ’ re in a hurry , are you ?
well then , don ’ t bother .
come on , don ’ t quarrel with us , good old man .
if it ’ s fighting he is after , some of us here should run and hide .
indeed , you have wronged me , you liar .
don ’ t bother trying to intimidate me by putting your hand on your sword .
i ’ m not scared of you .
curse my hand if it ever threatened an old man like you .
really , i had no intention of going for my sword .
damn you , don ’ t mock and sneer at me .
you have ruined my innocent child .
yours , claudio , yours , i say .
you ’ ve got it wrong , old man .
i ’ ll have nothing to do with you .
you think you can get rid of me that easily ?
he ’ ll have to kill both of us , and indeed we ’ re both men .
but let him start off easy by killing one of us .
come on—kill me and brag about it !
i will , as surely as i am a gentleman .
but brother anthony— don ’ t , it ’ s no big deal .
don ’ t bother with it .
let me deal with this .
gentlemen , we won ’ t stay here and anger you further .
my lord , my lord— i don ’ t want to hear any more about it .
i ’ m determined to be heard by someone .
and you will be , or some people here will suffer for it .
look , here comes just the man we were looking for .
what ’ s up , mister ?
you just missed a fight that was barely avoided .
we were about to have our noses snapped off by two old men with no teeth .
i think if we had fought , we would have proven too young and strong for them after all .
there ’ s no bravery in an unfair fight .
look : benedick is so pale—are you sick , or angry ?
sir , don ’ t even try to beat me in a battle of wits .
i think he really is angry .
if he is , that ’ s his problem .
can i have a word with you privately ?
god forbid he wants to challenge me !
you ’ ve killed an innocent woman , and you ’ re going to pay dearly for her death .
what , are we having a feast ?
benedick , beatrice praised your wit the other day .
i said you had a fine wit .
leonato ’ s daughter had told us everything .
and , moreover , god saw benedick when he was hid in the garden .
but when exactly will we see benedick married ?
yes , with the sign underneath him that says : “ here lives benedick the married man ” ?
you know what i intend .
i ’ ll leave you now to chatter and gossip like an old woman .
i ’ m leaving your court now .
your brother don john the bastard has run away from messina .
the three of you have killed a sweet , innocent woman .
lord babyface over there will meet me in a duel , and good luck to him then .
very serious , and i ’ m sure it ’ s because of beatrice .
and he challenged you to a duel ?
he did , very sincerely .
what a strange sight—a man who has put on all his fancy clothes but forgotten his brain at home !
let me gather my wits and get serious here .
didn ’ t he say my brother has run away ?
since you are a lying hypocrite , we must look after you .
two of my brother ’ s men , all tied up !
officers , what crime have these men committed ?
i tricked your own eyes .
they ’ ve recorded my crimes , and i would rather die than have to retell this shameful story .
the lady has died because of the false accusations of me and my master .
his words are like poison to me .
yes , and paid me well for doing it .
he is made of treachery , and has run away to avoid his crimes .
come , take away the here comes master signior leonato with the sexton .
which one of them did it ?
if you want to see your deceiver , then look at me .
are you the slave who , with your slanderous words , killed my innocent child ?
yes , i am the one .
no , villain , but you didn ’ t work alone .
i don ’ t know how to ask you for forgiveness , but i have to say something .
my brother has a daughter who looks exactly like hero ; this girl is heir to both our estates .
marry her as you should have married her cousin , and i will let my revenge die .
and i feel that i love her .
i know that she is worthy of that love .
or in the power of reason .
i was conceived by a woman , and i thank her very much for all her effort .
and then she brought me up , and i thank her for that , too .
i swear , before i die i ’ m going to see you sick with love .
your overwhelming kindness makes me weep .
i willingly accept your offer and put my future in your hands .
i will see you tomorrow , then .
now i have to leave .
thank you for all your efforts .
you speak like a very thankful and respectful boy , and may god bless you .
god save the charitable organization !
i hope that god restores you to health .
we ’ ll see you tomorrow .
we ’ ll be there .
i will mourn hero tonight .
please margaret , help me write this poem for beatrice .
it ’ s just that my wit is very gentlemanly , margaret , and refuses to hurt a woman .
now please , tell beatrice to come out .
i ’ ll go get beatrice for you , who can walk here by herself—she has legs .
so that means she ’ ll come .
i ’ m really a pitiful singer .
take beatrice , have you come because i called for you ?
yes , sir , and i ’ ll leave when you ask me to .
oh , well , stay till then !
i spoke angry , foul words to him , and with that i will kiss you .
thus , i ’ ll leave without being kissed .
your wit is so forceful , it frightens the very meaning out of your words .
now , tell me—which of my bad qualities did you fall in love with first ?
but tell me—which of my good qualities first made you suffer love for me ?
that ’ s a good way of putting it .
i do suffer love , because i love you against my will .
you love me in spite of your heart , i think .
exactly how long is that , do you think ?
about an hour for the ringing and fifteen minutes for the crying .
that ’ s why i praise myself , who—if i do say so myself—is quite praiseworthy .
but tell me , how is your cousin ?
i ’ m very sick , too .
have faith , love me , and you will get better .
madam , you have to go to your uncle ’ s .
will you come with me to hear this news , sir ?
is this the family tomb of leonato ?
it is , my lord .
here lies hero , the heroic maiden killed by slanderous words .
to repay her for her troubles , death gives her undying fame .
so the life that died with shame lives on with fame .
this epitaph will hang here forever , continuing to praise hero after i die .
now start the music , and sing the solemn hymn .
now i say good night to your bones , hero .
i will perform this ceremony every year .
didn ’ t i tell you she was innocent ?
well , i ’ m glad that everything has been sorted out .
me too—otherwise i would have had to duel with claudio .
when i send for you , come out wearing masks .
the prince and claudio are supposed to be here by now.—you know your job , brother .
you have to pretend to be your niece ’ s father , and give her away to claudio .
what do you need me to do ?
she sees you with the eyes my daughter lent her , it ’ s true .
and i see her also through the eyes of love .
and those eyes were endowed with sight by claudio , the prince , and me .
but what did you want ?
sir , i ’ m puzzled by what you just said .
and i ’ ll help you .
here comes the prince and claudio .
good morning to all these lovely people .
good morning , prince ; good morning , claudio .
we ’ re waiting here for you .
are you still set on marrying my brother ’ s daughter ?
i wouldn ’ t change my mind even if she were
well , time will tell .
bring her out , brother .
the friar ’ s ready .
i think he ’ s nervous—he ’ s about to become the savage bull who got domesticated .
but here are other matters to be dealt with .
which is the lady i ’ m supposed to marry ?
this one , and i will give her to you .
it ’ s another hero !
and as surely as i am alive , i am a virgin .
it ’ s the former hero !
she was only dead , my lord , as long as her slander lived .
i can confirm that all these shocking things are true .
which one of you is beatrice ?
no , no more than is reasonable .
well then , your uncle and the prince and claudio have been deceived .
truly , no—no more than is reasonable .
they swore that you were sick with love for me .
they swore that you were nearly dead with love for me .
so you don ’ t love me ?
no , i don ’ t—except as a friend .
come on , niece , i ’ m sure you love him .
our handwriting gives away our hearts .
i ’ ll stop your mouth with a kiss .
how does it feel to be benedick the married man ?
you think i care what i ’ m called ?
well , i don ’ t .
musicians , play us a song.—prince , you look sad .
you should get a wife !
into god ’ s hands .
from my house , if i had a house— ” “ the sixth of july .
before you make my lord , you could really help me out now .
i am at your service .
does leonato have a son , my lord ?
hero is his only child , and his only heir .
do you like her , claudio ?
look , if you really love the beautiful hero , enjoy it .
isn ’ t that the reason you told me all this ?
but i didn ’ t want you to think that i ’ m hasty in my emotions .
that ’ s like building a bridge wider than the river it crosses .
let ’ s get started right away .
has he taken care of the music ?
he is taking care of it as we speak .
but brother , i have some strange news for you .
is this servant of yours a smart man ?
he ’ s very bright .
i ’ ll get him to come here , and you can ask him yourself .
he must be very near by now .
when i left him , he was less than nine miles from here .
how many noblemen were killed in the battle you just fought ?
not many , and no one important .
a victory in battle is twice as victorious when all the soldiers return home safely .
claudio deserves to be honored , and don pedro has rewarded him accordingly .
he has an uncle here in messina who will be glad to hear this news .
no , no , until it comes true we ’ ll pretend it was just a dream we had .
but my daughter should know about this , so she can be prepared with an answer just in case .
go to her and tell her for me .
cousins , you all have work to do.—oh , i beg your pardon .
come with me now , and help me out .
really , my lord , why are you so excessively sad ?
therefore my sadness is without limit .
you should listen to reason .
i can ’ t hide what i am .
sure , but don ’ t do it at full volume until there ’ s no danger in it .
you have to wait for the appropriate time to let loose .
i ’ d rather be a weed in a hedge than a rose in my brother ’ s garden .
until that happens , let me be who i am and don ’ t try to change me .
can ’ t you somehow use your dissatisfaction to your own advantage ?
i use it all the time , since it ’ s all that i have .
what ’ s going on , borachio ?
who is this fool who wants all the fuss of marriage ?
your brother ’ s right-hand man .
that pretty boy , claudio ?
that ’ s the one .
hero , the daughter and heir of leonato .
how did you learn about this ?
as i was working on one musty room , the prince and claudio entered .
come , let ’ s go to the dance .
this just may cheer me up .
if there ’ s any way i can spoil his life , i ’ ll be overjoyed .
you ’ ll both help me , right ?
until the day we die , my lord .
let ’ s go to this great feast .
lead the way , sir .
wasn ’ t don john at dinner tonight ?
i didn ’ t see him .
that man always looks so sour !
just looking at him gives me heartburn .
he has a very gloomy attitude .
it would be excellent if they could make a man halfway between don john and benedick .
honestly , she is too ill-tempered .
maybe you will find a husband without a beard .
and then what would i do with him ?
so you ’ ll go to hell ?
no , i won ’ t take a husband until they make men out of something other than dirt .
what woman wouldn ’ t be distressed , being lorded over by a handful of dust ?
can you imagine being hitched to a lump of clay ?
no , uncle , i won ’ t be married .
the wooing is like a scottish jig : hot and fast and full of whimsy and illusion .
niece , you are exceptionally perceptive .
i have a good eye , uncle .
i can see what ’ s in broad daylight .
let ’ s give them room .
my lady , will you have a dance with me ?
and when will that be ?
when i like the way you look , for god forbid your face be as ugly as your mask !
my mask is like the roof of the poor
if you wish to speak of love , speak more softly .
well , i wish you liked me .
i say my prayers out loud .
that makes me love you even more .
go ahead—say “ amen. ” no more talking .
i ’ ve got my answer .
no , really , i ’ m not .
i can tell by the way you waggle your head .
really , i ’ m only pretending to be him .
you could only imitate his imperfections so well if you were the man himself .
look , you ’ ve got his wrinkled hands .
you are antonio , you are he .
in short , i ’ m not .
come on , do you think i can ’ t recognize you by your excellent wit ?
can a good thing hide itself ?
be quiet , you are antonio .
a man ’ s virtues will always show themselves , and that ’ s the end of that .
won ’ t you tell me who told you that ?
no , you ’ ll have to excuse me .
and you won ’ t tell me who you are ?
well , it must have been signior benedick .
i ’ m sure you know him .
no i don ’ t , believe me .
what , he never made you laugh ?
there ’ s no face more sincere than one washed in tears .
there was no signior montanto in our army .
who are you talking about , niece ?
my cousin means signior benedick of padua .
oh , yes , benedick has returned and is as cheerful as ever .
please tell me , who is this man ?
why , he ’ s the prince ’ s fool , and a very dull fool at that .
i ’ m sure he ’ s out there dancing .
i could have sworn he trampled on me .
when i meet this gentleman , i ’ ll tell him what you ’ ve said .
come on , we have to follow the leaders of the dance .
in every good thing they do .
you know me too well .
sir , my brother is very fond of you .
he is in love with hero .
please make him change his mind .
how do you know he loves her ?
i heard him swear he did .
i did too , and he also swore he would marry her tonight .
come on , let ’ s get to the banquet .
though i said my name was benedick , i heard this news with claudio ’ s ears .
of course the prince wants hero for himself .
friendship is enduring except when love is involved .
therefore , all lovers should speak for themselves .
beauty is a witch whose spells can turn loyalty into passion .
yes , that ’ s me .
will you come with me ?
right over to that i hope he enjoys her .
you sound like a cattle dealer : that ’ s the way they sell bulls .
but do you really think the prince would treat you that way ?
please , leave me alone .
look at you , thrashing about like a blind man .
a boy robbed you , but you ’ ll beat up the post instead .
if you won ’ t leave , then
oh , the poor bird .
the prince ’ s fool ” !
maybe they call me that because i am cheerful .
yes , but i am insulting myself by thinking this way .
i don ’ t have that kind of reputation !
well , i ’ ll get my revenge .
now , sir , where is claudio ?
yes , my lord , i played the part of a gossip and brought him the news .
i found him here , beating ?
why , what did he do ?
what , is trusting a friend such a crime ?
the criminal is the one who stole the nest .
lady beatrice is angry with you .
the gentleman she danced with told her you insulted her .
she speaks daggers , and every word stabs .
i wouldn ’ t marry her , even if she were as blessed as paradise .
please , don ’ t mention her .
look , here she comes .
your highness , could you send me on a mission to the ends of the earth ?
i ’ ll go to the antipodes for any little errand you can think of .
really , he won it from me once before in a dishonest game of dice .
so i suppose your grace can truly say that i have lost it .
you ’ ve humiliated him , lady : you ’ ve put him down .
why are you so sad ?
i ’ m not sad , my lord .
i ’ m neither , my lord .
i ’ ve told her father , and he ’ s given his permission .
tell us when you wish to get married , and may god give you joy .
claudio , take my daughter , and , with her , take my fortunes .
the prince has made the match , and may god bless it .
speak , claudio , that ’ s your cue .
for you , i give myself away and i ’ m ecstatic about the exchange .
truly , lady , you have a merry heart .
i thank my heart—the poor fool—for it keeps away from seriousness .
look , my cousin is whispering to claudio that she loves him .
why , you ’ re absolutely right , cousin .
thank the lord for alliances !
so everyone goes off into the world except me , who stays in because i ’ m sunburned .
i ’ d rather get a husband from your father .
don ’ t you have any brothers like you ?
your father ’ s sons would make excellent husbands , if only a girl could catch one for herself .
will you take me , my lady ?
no , my lord , unless i could have another husband for the work week .
you are too expensive to wear every day .
but please , forgive me , your highness .
i was born to speak cleverly , not seriously .
niece , will you take care of those things i mentioned ?
oh , yes , i ’ m sorry , uncle.—if you ’ ll excuse me , your grace .
i swear , she ’ s a very good-natured lady .
there ’ s very little about her that ’ s gloomy , my lord .
she ’ s only sad when she sleeps—and not even then .
she can ’ t stand to hear about getting a husband .
no , not at all .
she mocks all her suitors so severely that they drop the suit .
she would make a good wife for benedick .
oh , lord , if they were married , they ’ d drive themselves crazy within a week .
count claudio , when do you plan to go to church and be married ?
me too , my lord .
and you , sweet hero ?
i ’ ll do any decent thing , my lord , to help my cousin get a good husband .
and benedick is not the worst husband i can think of .
come inside with me , and i will tell you my plan .
but i ’ m sure he ’ ll get even with you .
signior benedick served well in the war , my lady .
you had rotten food , and he helped you eat it .
he ’ s a good soldier too , lady .
he ’ s a lord to a lord and a man to a man .
he is positively stuffed with honorable virtues .
absolutely—he is stuffed , like a dummy .
please don ’ t take my niece the wrong way , sir .
benedick and beatrice have been waging a war of wits between themselves .
whenever they meet , there ’ s a little battle .
every month he has a new best friend .
the count claudio will marry leonato ’ s daughter .
yes , my lord , but i can spoil it .
any obstacle or barrier to claudio ’ s happiness will be like medicine to me .
how will you wreck this marriage ?
quickly , tell me how .
how will that kill this marriage ?
that part is up to you .
what will be my evidence ?
evidence enough to deceive the prince , anger claudio , ruin hero , and kill leonato .
is there anything else you wish ?
that ’ s all i want , and i ’ ll do anything to accomplish it .
find a time to speak with don pedro and claudio alone .
tell them you know that hero loves me .
of course , they won ’ t believe you without proof .
if you make the accusation convincingly , then my cunning won ’ t fail me .
i ’ ll go now to find out the date of the wedding .
in my bedroom window there is a book .
go get it and bring it to me here in the orchard .
i ’ m already here , sir .
i ’ m not sure , but i don ’ t think so .
look , it ’ s the prince and mr. love .
i ’ ll hide in the arbor .
well , should we hear some music ?
come on , balthasar , let ’ s hear that song again .
oh , my good lord , don ’ t make me insult music again with my awful singing .
come on , please sing .
listen to him speaking in quarter notes !
that ’ s a good song .
and a bad singer , my lord .
yes , do you hear me , balthasar ?
please , get some excellent music , because tomorrow we want to serenade lady hero at her bedroom window .
i ’ ll do the best i can , my lord .
what was it that you told me today—that your niece beatrice was in love with signior benedick ?
i didn ’ t , either .
maybe she ’ s just pretending .
yes , that ’ s quite likely .
no one has ever faked passion as skillfully as this , then .
why , what symptoms of love does she exhibit ?
what symptoms , my lord ?
she will have a seat—you heard my daughter tell you how .
yes , she did tell us .
please , please tell me !
i would have thought she was invincible against any assault of love .
i would have sworn that , too , my lord , especially against benedick .
has she told benedick how she feels ?
no , and she swears she never will .
that ’ s what ’ s driving her crazy .
it ’ s true , hero says so .
my daughter told me everything .
now that you speak of paper , i remember a funny story of hero ’ s .
yes , that ’ s the one .
if she won ’ t tell benedick , someone else should .
and what would that accomplish ?
he ’ ll just turn it into a joke and torment the poor woman even more .
if he did that , it would be a charitable deed to hang him .
she ’ s an excellent , sweet woman , and there ’ s no doubt that she is virtuous .
and she is very smart .
i wish she were in love with me instead .
i would have thrown away all other considerations and made her my wife .
please , tell benedick about her feelings and see what he has to say .
is that a good idea , do you think ?
she ’ s probably right .
he ’ s a very proper man .
and i swear to god he ’ s very smart .
he does indeed show sparks of something like wit .
it ’ s entirely possible .
i can see you don ’ t like this gentleman .
but please tell me , who ’ s his best friend ?
he spends most of his time with the good , noble claudio .
oh god , benedick will plague him like a disease !
i ’ m going to make sure i stay on your good side , lady .
do that , my friend .
you will never fall victim to benedick ’ s charms , my niece .
no , not until we see a hot january .
if he fears god , he must necessarily keep the peace .
if he breaks the peace , he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling .
well , i ’ m sorry for your niece .
should we go find benedick and tell him about beatrice ’ s love ?
against my will , i ’ ve been told to bring you in to dinner .
lovely beatrice , i thank you for taking the pains to tell me that .
i didn ’ t take any more pains bringing this message than you took pains in thanking me .
if the job had been painful , i would not have come .
so you took pleasure in bringing me this message ?
yes , as much pleasure as one might take in choking a bird at knifepoint .
you don ’ t want to eat , sir ?
if i don ’ t love her , i ’ m completely
margaret , run into the sitting room .
you ’ ll find beatrice there , talking to claudio and the prince .
she can hide there and eavesdrop on our conversation .
do it well , and then leave us .
i ’ ll make her come right away , i promise you .
whenever i mention him , praise him more than any man deserves .
it ’ ll be my job to talk about how benedick is sick with love for beatrice .
but are you sure that benedick loves beatrice that much ?
that ’ s what the prince and my fiancé say .
and did they ask you to tell beatrice about this , madam ?
why did you do that ?
doesn ’ t benedick deserve as much luck with a mate as he would have with beatrice ?
what ’ s the matter , lieutenant ?
i ’ ll beat him until the welts look like basket-weave !
you ’ ll beat me ?
are you talking , you villain ?
no , don ’ t hit him , lieutenant !
please , sir , restrain yourself .
let me go , or i ’ ll knock you on the head .
come on , you ’ re drunk .
no , lieutenant—god , gentlemen—help—lieutenant—sir , montano—help , men ! —the night guard is coming !
who ’ s sounding that alarm ?
the whole town will riot !
you ’ ll be ashamed of this forever !
what is the matter here ?
i ’ ll kill him !
the general is talking to you !
stop , for god ’ s sake !
for heaven ’ s sake , stop this savage brawl !
stop that alarm from ringing , it ’ s scaring the islanders .
what ’ s the matter here , gentlemen ? —honest iago , you look upset .
i don ’ t know .
i ’ d rather have lost my legs in battle than be a part of this !
you ’ re famous for it .
what in the world made you risk your reputation like this and become a street brawler ?
othello , i ’ ve been seriously hurt .
all right , now i ’ m starting to lose my cool .
that ’ s unbelievably bad .
iago , who started it ?
you ’ re hitting close to home there .
i ’ d rather cut my tongue out of my mouth than say anything bad about michael cassio .
but i don ’ t think it ’ ll hurt him to tell the truth .
they were nearly killing each other , as you saw when you pulled them apart .
i can ’ t tell you anything else .
i ’ ll make you an example for the others to learn from .
what ’ s the matter , dear ?
everything ’ s fine , now , sweetheart .
are you hurt , lieutenant ?
yes , but no doctor can help me .
oh i hope that ’ s not true !
you know i ’ m powerful enough to make you pay for this .
why are you talking about robbery ?
your grandsons will neigh to you like horses .
your whole family will be ruined .
what kind of crude jerk are you ?
the kind that tells you that the moor is having sex with your daughter right now .
you ’ re a villain !
you ’ re a senator !
you ’ re going to pay for this , roderigo .
i know who you are .
i ’ ll answer for everything .
my reputation , my reputation !
oh , my reputation , iago , my reputation !
i swear i thought you meant you ’ d been hurt physically .
your physical health matters more than your reputation .
you haven ’ t lost it unless you think you have .
there are lots of ways to get on the general ’ s good side again .
go to him , petition him .
ranting and raving to my own shadow !
oh , wine is the devil !
who were you chasing with your sword ?
what did he do to you ?
i don ’ t know .
i remember a jumble of impressions , but nothing distinctly .
i remember a fight , but not why we were fighting .
why do we party until we ’ re like animals ?
you seem all right now .
how did you get better ?
one weakness led to another , to make me hate myself .
come on , you ’ re being too hard on yourself .
i wish none of this had happened , given the situation here , and your rank .
but since this has happened , you should fix it for your own good .
even if i had a whole bunch of mouths , i wouldn ’ t be able to answer that .
i was a reasonable man , then i became a fool , and finally a beast !
every glass of liquor is damned , and the devil ’ s the main ingredient !
come on now , wine is good for you , if you know how to use it .
don ’ t say anything bad about wine anymore .
lieutenant , i think you know i ’ m your friend .
i know that , sir .
imagine , me , a drunk !
any man can get drunk sometime .
i ’ ll tell you what to do .
othello ’ s wife has a lot of influence now .
ask her to help you get back your position .
ask her to help you heal the rift between her husband and you .
that ’ s good advice .
early in the morning i ’ ll go visit desdemona and plead my case .
you ’ re doing the right thing .
good night , honest iago .
who can say i ’ m evil when my advice is so good ?
that ’ s really the best way to win the moor back again .
it ’ s easy to get desdemona on your side .
she ’ s full of good intentions .
how am i evil to advise cassio to do exactly what ’ ll do him good ?
i ’ ve spent most of my money , and tonight i got beaten up .
so with no money , but a little more wisdom , i ’ m going back to venice .
you ’ re a poor man if you ’ re this impatient !
no , it heals gradually .
we achieve things with our intelligence , not by magic , and intelligent planning takes time .
aren ’ t things going well ?
my god , it ’ s morning .
all this excitement has made the time fly by .
go back to where you ’ re staying and go to sleep .
now two things still need to be done .
i ’ ll put her on that .
yes , that ’ s the way i ’ ll do it .
i ’ ll pay you for your trouble .
oh , there ’ s the problem .
what ’ s the problem ?
well , we ’ ll stop , then .
if you ’ ve got any music that can ’ t be heard , then play that .
but as i said , the general isn ’ t really in the mood to hear music now .
we don ’ t have any music that can ’ t be heard .
then pack up your instruments and go away .
do you hear , my friend ?
please don ’ t play games .
cassio she ’ s awake , sir .
if she feels like coming over here , i ’ ll give her your message .
good to see you , iago .
you didn ’ t go to sleep , then ?
i ’ m going to ask her to let me talk to desdemona .
even for a good morning , lieutenant .
i ’ m sorry about what happened , but i ’ m sure everything will turn out all right .
the general and his wife are talking about it now , and she ’ s defending you strongly .
i ’ ll take you to a place where you can speak freely .
now that ’ s done , i ’ m going to walk on the fortification walls .
i will , my lord .
shall we go see this fortification , men ?
we ’ re at your service , my lord .
i ’ ll do everything i can for you , cassio .
i ’ m sure you and my husband will be as friendly as you were before .
but if you didn ’ t know about it , then you were wrong to get mad at us .
i ’ d never play pranks on you .
if she is , you can sue me for lying to you .
wake up my whole household !
it ’ s time for me to say goodbye to you .
i ’ m your advocate , and i ’ d rather die than give up on you .
madam , here comes your husband .
madam , i ’ d better leave now .
why not stay and hear me talk to him ?
i ’ m very uncomfortable , and that won ’ t help my case .
well , do whatever you think best .
i don ’ t like that .
nothing , my lord , or if i did—i don ’ t know what .
wasn ’ t that cassio leaving my wife ?
i really think it was him .
what ’ s this , my lord ?
i was talking to a petitioner here just now , someone who ’ s suffering from your anger .
please call him and tell him to come back here .
was that him just now ?
my love , call him back in here .
not now , my sweet desdemona .
but will it be soon ?
very soon , because you want it .
will it be tonight at supper ?
well then , tomorrow night , or tuesday morning .
or tuesday noon or at night , or wednesday morning .
please just name a time , but don ’ t wait more than three days .
so when should he come ?
i swear , i could do so much— please , no more .
i won ’ t refuse you anything .
i won ’ t deny you anything !
but in return , please , do one thing for me : leave me alone for a little while .
would i ever deny you anything ?
i ’ ll come see you right away .
god help me , i love you !
my noble lord— what is it , iago ?
when you were wooing desdemona , did michael cassio know about it ?
yes , he knew about it the whole time .
why are you curious , iago ?
i didn ’ t realize he knew her .
do you see something wrong with that ?
isn ’ t he an honest man ?
honest , yes , honest .
as far as i know , sir .
you ’ re thinking something .
just a minute ago i heard you say you didn ’ t like it when cassio left my wife .
what didn ’ t you like ?
if you ’ re my friend , tell me what you ’ re thinking .
my lord , you know i ’ m your friend .
if they ’ re not honest , they shouldn ’ t look like they are !
absolutely , people should be what they appear to be .
in that case , i think cassio ’ s an honest man .
no , i think there ’ s more to this than you ’ re letting on .
please tell me what you ’ re thinking—even your worst suspicions .
you want me to say what i ’ m thinking ?
what are you talking about ?
a good reputation is the most valuable thing we have—men and women alike .
if you steal my money , you ’ re just stealing trash .
i ’ m going to find out what you ’ re thinking .
beware of jealousy , my lord !
it ’ s a green-eyed monster that makes fun of the victims it devours .
the person who ’ s poor and contented is rich enough .
god , help us not be jealous !
why are you telling me this ?
do you think i would live a life of jealousy , tormented by new suspicions every hour ?
if there ’ s any doubt , there is no doubt .
when a woman is virtuous , talents like these just make her better .
so please listen to me .
i ’ m not talking about proof yet .
i know the people of venice well .
they let god see things they wouldn ’ t show their husbands .
do you really think so ?
that ’ s right , she did .
well , there you go .
she was so young , but she deceived her father so thoroughly he thought it was witchcraft !
but i ’ m sorry i ’ ve blurted all this out .
i beg your pardon for loving you too much .
i ’ m indebted to you forever .
you seem a little depressed about this .
not at all , not at all .
really , i ’ m afraid you are .
i hope you remember that i said all this because i love you .
but i see you ’ re troubled .
please don ’ t take what i said more seriously than it deserves to be taken .
cassio ’ s a good friend of mine—my lord , i can see you ’ re upset .
no , not too upset .
if you see anything else , let me know .
tell your wife to watch her .
leave me alone now , iago .
my lord , i ’ ll say goodbye now .
and affection , even if it ’ s just an act .
he and i will be there .
the rest of my life will be nothing but bitterness .
do you think they ’ re married ?
yes , i really think so .
oh , heaven , how did she get out ?
my own flesh and blood rebels against me !
fathers , never trust your daughters just because they act obedient and innocent .
are there magic spells that can lead young virgins astray ?
have you ever heard of anything like that , roderigo ?
yes , sir , i have .
i think i can find him .
giving it back to him .
that will tell you a lot .
don ’ t worry about how i handle it .
i ’ ll say goodbye once more .
this iago is extremely honest and good , and he knows a lot about human behavior .
oh what a curse marriage is !
this is the plague of important men—our wives betray us more than those of poor men .
it ’ s our destiny , like death .
we are destined to be betrayed when we are born .
oh , here she comes .
if she ’ s cheated on me , then heaven itself is a fake .
i don ’ t believe it .
what ’ s going on , othello , darling ?
the nobles of cyprus whom you invited to dinner are waiting for you .
i have a that ’ s from lack of sleep .
it ’ ll go away .
let me wrap up your head , and it will feel okay in less than an hour .
come on , i ’ ll escort you to dinner .
i ’ m very sorry you ’ re not feeling well .
i ’ ll copy the embroidery pattern and then give it to iago .
heaven knows what he ’ s going to do with it .
what ’ s going on ?
what are you doing here alone ?
don ’ t snap at me .
i ’ ve got something for you .
you ’ ve got something for me ?
it ’ s a common what ?
to have a stupid wife .
oh , is that so ?
and what would you give me for the handkerchief ?
the one the moor gave to desdemona , which you asked me to steal so many times .
you stole it from her ?
look , here it is .
good girl , give it to me .
and what are you going to do with it ?
what ’ s it to you ?
if you don ’ t need it for some important reason , then give it back to me .
poor lady , she ’ ll go crazy when she sees it ’ s missing .
now go , leave me .
the moor ’ s mind has already become infected with my poisonous suggestions .
no drugs or sleeping pills will ever give you the restful sleep that you had last night .
she ’ s cheating on me ?
it is better to be tricked completely than to only suspect a little .
what ’ s with you , my lord ?
i had no idea she was cheating on me .
i never saw it or suspected it , so it never hurt me .
i slept well , ate well , and was happy .
i never saw cassio ’ s kisses on her lips .
i ’ m sorry to hear this .
oh , goodbye to my peace of mind !
goodbye to the soldiers and to the wars that make men great !
and you deadly cannons that roar like thunderbolts thrown by the gods , goodbye !
othello ’ s career is over .
is this possible , my lord ?
has it come to this ?
show me , or at least prove it beyond the shadow of a doubt .
oh , heaven help me !
aren ’ t you a rational human being ?
don ’ t you have any sense at all ?
what a horrible world we live in !
it ’ s not safe to be straightforward and honest .
you should always be honest .
i should always be wise .
i swear , i think my wife ’ s faithful , and i think she ’ s not .
i think you ’ re trustworthy one minute and then not the next .
i see you ’ re all eaten up with emotion .
i ’ m sorry i said anything .
yes , i want it , and i ’ ll get it .
how will you get proof ?
are you going to hide and watch them having sex ?
i think it would be very hard to arrange for them to have sex while you watched .
but if you would be willing to accept circumstantial evidence as proof , we can get that .
give me one good reason to think she ’ s cheating on me .
i don ’ t like what you ’ re asking me to do .
i recently shared a bed with cassio , and i couldn ’ t sleep because of a raging toothache .
no , it was just a dream .
it ’ s a reason for suspicion , even though it ’ s just a dream .
and it might back up other evidence that may seem too flimsy .
i ’ ll tear her to pieces !
oh , i ’ d kill that bastard cassio forty thousand times if i could !
killing him once is not enough revenge .
now i see it ’ s true .
my heart feels like it ’ s full of poisonous snakes !
be patient , i ’ m telling you .
you may change your mind later .
i swear to god i ’ ll get revenge .
don ’ t get up yet .
let him command me , and i ’ ll do whatever he asks , no matter how violent .
i accept your devotion with my deepest love .
within the next three days i want to hear you tell me that cassio ’ s dead .
oh , damn her , damn her !
i ’ m going inside to think up some way to kill that beautiful devil .
you ’ re my lieutenant now .
i ’ m yours forever .
i ’ ll stop at every house .
i ’ ll reward you for your troubles .
why do you say that ?
telling you where he ’ s sleeping is like telling you where i ’ m lying .
what on earth does that mean ?
can you ask around and find out ?
find him and tell him to come here .
i think i can do that .
where could i have lost that handkerchief , emilia ?
i don ’ t know , madam .
believe me , i ’ d rather have lost a purse full of gold coins .
he ’ s not jealous ?
i think all tendencies to jealousy were burned out of him by the sun of his native land .
look , here he comes .
i won ’ t leave him alone until he gives cassio his job back.—how are you , my lord ?
hot , hot and moist .
with a hand like this you need to
fast and pray to stave off temptations .
it ’ s a nice hand , an open one .
but these days , people give each other their hands without their hearts .
i don ’ t know about that .
now , don ’ t forget , you promised me something .
what did i promise , my dear ?
i sent for cassio to come talk with you .
i have a bad cold that ’ s bothering me .
no , the one i gave you .
i don ’ t have it with me .
that ’ s not good .
almost read people ’ s thoughts .
yes , it ’ s true .
there ’ s magic in its fabric .
a two-hundred-year-old witch sewed it while she was in a fevered trance .
the silk came from sacred silkworms , and it was dyed with fluid made from embalmed virgins ' hearts .
it ’ s absolutely true , so take good care of it .
i wish i had never seen it !
why are you yelling at me so angrily ?
tell me , is it missing ?
what do you have to say for yourself ?
it ’ s not lost , but what if it were ?
i ’ m telling you , it ’ s not lost .
bring me the handkerchief—my mind is full of doubt .
and you say he ’ s not jealous ?
i never saw him like this before .
they ’ re like stomachs and we ’ re just the food .
they eat us up hungrily , and when they ’ re full , they vomit us up .
look , here comes cassio and my husband .
there ’ s no other way .
she ’ s the one who ’ s got to do it .
go ahead and ask her .
then i could stop wondering , and find some other career .
if his face changed as much as his personality has , i wouldn ’ t recognize him .
you ’ ll just have to be patient for a little while .
i ’ ll do what i can , more than i ’ d do for myself .
let that be enough for you .
can he even get angry ?
if he ’ s angry , there must be something seriously wrong .
that ’ s the way it goes .
i hope to god it ’ s something political , like you think , and not jealousy involving you .
i never gave him reason to be jealous .
but jealous people don ’ t think like that .
they ’ re never jealous for a reason ; they ’ re just jealous .
it ’ s like a monster that just grows and grows , out of nothing .
i hope god keeps that monster from growing in othello ’ s mind !
amen to that , lady .
i ’ ll go look for him—cassio , stay around here .
i thank you , lady .
why are you so far from home ?
how are you , my pretty bianca ?
to tell you the truth , i was just going to your house .
and i was just going to yours .
you ’ ve kept away from me for a week ?
seven days and seven nights ?
a hundred and sixty-eight hours ?
and lovers ' hours are a hundred and sixty times longer than normal ones !
oh , cassio , where did you get this ?
has it come to this ?
oh , come on , woman .
well , whose is it ?
so i ’ d like it copied .
take it and do that for me , and leave me alone for a while .
and why ’ s that ?
it ’ s not because i don ’ t love you .
but you don ’ t love me .
i can only walk a little way with you , since i ’ m waiting here .
but i ’ ll see you soon .
all right , have it your way .
i have to make do .
nine or ten times i wanted to stab him under the ribs .
it ’ s better that you didn ’ t kill him .
but please tell me , sir , is your marriage let him do his worst .
the services i have done for the venetian government will count for more than his complaints will .
do you really think so ?
what do you mean , do i think so ?
what , just because they kissed in private ?
naked in bed together , but without doing anything ?
as long as they didn ’ t do anything , it would only be a minor sin .
but if i gave my wife a handkerchief— then what ?
her reputation is also her own .
can she give that away too ?
but a handkerchief— god , i wish i could forget about the handkerchief !
what you told me it haunts me like a nightmare—he ’ s got my handkerchief !
yes , what about it ?
that ’ s not good .
what if i ’ d said i saw him do something to hurt you ?
yes , but he ’ d deny it all .
he said he did—i don ’ t know .
he was in bed with— with her ?
with her , on top of her—however you want to say it .
my god , it ’ s nauseating !
noses , ears , lips .
this is the way to trick gullible fools .
what ’ s the matter ?
this is his second fit like this .
no , don ’ t .
if you interrupt it , he ’ ll foam at the mouth and go crazy .
look , he ’ s moving .
why don ’ t you go away for a bit ?
when he leaves , it ’ s very important that i talk to you .
did you hit your head ?
are you making fun of me ?
i wish you could face your bad news like a man !
he ’ s subhuman , like an animal .
sir , be a man .
your case is better than that .
then i ’ ll know exactly what she is , just as i know what i am .
that ’ s for sure .
while you were dazed by grief—which isn ’ t appropriate for a man like you—cassio showed up here .
i got him to leave , and made up an excuse for your trance .
i told him to come back and talk to me in a bit , and he promised he would .
i ’ m telling you , just watch his face .
do you hear what i ’ m saying , iago ?
now i ’ ll ask cassio about bianca , a prostitute who sells her body for food and clothes .
whenever he talks about her he can ’ t stop laughing .
and when he laughs , othello will go crazy .
he ’ s laughing already !
i never knew a woman who loved a man so much .
the poor thing , i really think she loves me .
now he denies it a bit , and tries to laugh it off .
have you heard this , cassio ?
he ’ s asking him to tell the story again .
go on , tell it .
she says you ’ re going to marry her .
ha , ha , ha !
do you think you ’ ve won ?
please give me a little credit !
i ’ m not that stupid .
ha , ha , ha !
so , so , so , so !
she thinks i ’ ll marry her because she loves me .
iago is gesturing for me to come closer .
now he ’ s telling the story .
she was here just now .
she hangs around me all the time .
i was talking to some venetians down by the shore , and the fool showed up .
ha , ha , ha !
now he ’ s saying how she took him into our bedroom .
look out , here she comes .
what did you mean by giving me this handkerchief ?
i was an idiot to take it !
you want me to copy the embroidery pattern ?
what is it , my dear bianca ?
my god , that ’ s my handkerchief !
if you want to come have dinner with me , you can .
if you don ’ t want to , then good riddance .
go after her , go .
will you be having dinner with her tonight ?
did you see how he laughed about sleeping with her ?
and did you see the handkerchief ?
it was yours , i swear .
and do you see how much your foolish wife means to him ?
she gave it to him , and he gave it to his whore .
i wish i could keep killing him for nine years straight .
oh , she ’ s a fine woman !
no , you have to forget all that now .
yes , let her die and rot and go to hell tonight .
oh , the world never saw a sweeter creature .
but that ’ s not how you ’ re going to be .
she ’ s so good at sewing , and a wonderful musician .
oh , she could sing a wild bear to sleep !
oh , she ’ s so witty and creative !
all the worse that she stooped this low , then .
oh , a thousand times worse , a thousand times—and what a sweet personality she has !
yes , a little too sweet .
yes , that ’ s for sure .
oh , it ’ s dreadful , dreadful , iago !
if you still feel so affectionate toward her , then why not give her permission to cheat on you ?
i ’ ll chop her into pieces .
oh , it ’ s horrible of her .
get me some poison tonight , iago .
i won ’ t argue with her , so her beautiful body won ’ t disarm me.—tonight , iago .
don ’ t do it with poison .
strangle her in her bed , the same bed she ’ s contaminated .
good , good , i like that—it ’ s only fair !
and let me kill cassio .
you ’ ll hear more from me by midnight .
that ’ s her father and his friends , who ’ ve been roused out of bed .
you ’ d better go inside .
no , i must let them find me .
my good qualities , my legal status as desdemona ’ s husband , and my innocence will protect me .
i don ’ t think so .
the servants of the duke and my lieutenant ?
what ’ s going on ?
he needs to see you right away .
what do you think he wants ?
i think it ’ s important .
they ’ re very anxious for you to get there .
when you weren ’ t at home , the senate sent out three different search parties to find you .
it ’ s good you found me .
what ’ s that trumpet for ?
i think someone ’ s coming from venice .
look , your wife is with him .
the duke and senators of venice greet you .
what ’ s new , cousin lodovico ?
very nice to see you , sir .
well , he ’ s alive .
are you sure of that ?
he didn ’ t say anything , he ’ s reading .
so there ’ s a rift between othello and cassio ?
i ’ d do anything to bring them back together , since i really care for cassio .
excuse me , my lord ?
are you in your right mind ?
i think they want him to go home and appoint cassio governor in his place .
i ’ m happy about that .
oh , are you really !
i ’ m glad you ’ re insane enough to admit it in front of me .
why , sweet othello— i haven ’ t done anything to deserve this !
oh , you devil , you devil !
get out of my sight !
i wouldn ’ t want to stay here and make you angry .
she ’ s obedient—a fine lady .
please , my lord , call her back .
what do you want with her , sir ?
see how well she can turn ?
she can turn and turn , and then turn on you again .
and she can cry , sir—oh , how she can cry !
cassio can have my job .
and tonight , sir , i invite you have dinner with me .
is this the same moor whom the senate considers so capable ?
he ’ s changed a great deal .
is he losing his mind ?
he is what he is .
i won ’ t say anything negative about what he might be .
if he isn ’ t what he might be , then i wish to god he were !
it ’ s true , that wasn ’ t such a nice thing to do .
but i wish i could say that ’ s the last time he ’ ll do it !
is it a habit of his ?
oh , it ’ s too bad !
it wouldn ’ t be right for me to tell you everything i ’ ve seen and heard .
just go after him and watch what he does next .
i ’ m sorry i was so wrong about him .
you haven ’ t seen anything , then ?
no , and i didn ’ t hear anything either , or suspect anything at all .
but you ’ ve seen her and cassio together .
yes , but i didn ’ t see anything wrong , and i heard every syllable they said .
didn ’ t they ever whisper ?
or ask you to leave the room ?
not even to get her fan , or her gloves , or her mask , or anything ?
tell her to come here .
she says all the right things , but the dumbest brothel-keeper would tell the same story .
i ’ ve seen her do it .
my lord , what do you want ?
please , dear , come here .
what can i do for you ?
let me see your eyes .
what horrible thing are you imagining ?
i can tell you ’ re furious , but i don ’ t understand what you ’ re saying .
go ahead , swear to that , so you ’ ll be damned to hell for lying .
heaven knows you ’ re as unfaithful as hell .
leave me alone , desdemona , go away !
if you ’ ve been ordered back to venice because of my father , don ’ t blame me .
you may have lost his respect , but so have i .
even that i could put up with .
be like the fountain that my children and all my descendants flow from , has rejected me !
even the goddess of patience couldn ’ t look at this and be patient—it ’ s too horrifying !
i hope you think i ’ m faithful to you .
as faithful as flies in rotting meat , which give birth to maggots every time the wind blows .
oh , i wish you ’ d never been born !
have i done something to offend you without knowing it ?
was someone as beautiful as you meant to be a whore ?
i swear to god you ’ re accusing me wrongly !
so you ’ re saying you ’ re not a whore ?
no , i ’ m as honest as i am christian .
what , you ’ re not a whore ?
no , i swear it .
oh , heaven help us !
i mistook you for that sly venetian woman who married othello.—you whorehouse-keeper .
we ’ ve finished our business .
here ’ s some money for you .
please lock the door and keep quiet .
what ’ s he talking about ?
how are you , madam ?
ensign , what ’ s he doing in there ?
tonight he boarded a treasure ship .
if he can keep it , he ’ ll be set forever .
i don ’ t understand .
here comes another group looking for you .
he intends to do something bad to you .
sir , it ’ s the moor .
get him , he ’ s a thief !
i don ’ t have a lord .
don ’ t talk to me , emilia .
it ’ s fair for him to treat me like this , very fair .
what have i ever done that he has anything to complain about ?
what can i do for you , madam ?
i don ’ t know .
when grown-ups teach little children , they do it gently and easily .
what ’ s the matter , lady ?
am i that name , iago ?
what my lord said i was .
why did he do that ?
i don ’ t know .
i just know i ’ m not one .
don ’ t cry , don ’ t cry .
what a day this is !
doesn ’ t that make you want to cry ?
it ’ s just my bad luck .
how did he get such an idea ?
i bet my life on it .
nobody ’ s that bad .
if there is , then heaven help him !
why should he call her a whore ?
who ’ s been with her ?
the moor is being tricked by some crook , some terrible villain , some rotten bastard .
oh , to hell with those people !
you ’ re a fool .
oh god , iago , what can i do to win my husband back again ?
please go to him , my friend .
i swear i have no idea why he stopped loving me .
then i hope i have a life of misery !
unkindness is powerful , and his unkindness may kill me , but it ’ ll never destroy my love .
i can ’ t say “ whore. ” it makes me sick to say the word even now .
political business is bothering him , and he ’ s just taking it out on you .
if only that were all it is— it is , i promise .
those trumpets are calling us in to dinner .
the venetians are waiting for their food .
go in , and don ’ t cry .
everything will be all right .
how are you , roderigo ?
i don ’ t think you ’ re treating me fairly .
what makes you say that ?
well , i won ’ t take it any longer .
will you listen to me , roderigo ?
your words and actions don ’ t match up .
that ’ s not fair .
it ’ s the truth .
well , all right then .
fine ! ” he says .
all right ! ” it ’ s not fine , and i ’ m not all right !
it ’ s wrong , and i ’ m starting to realize i ’ m being cheated !
it ’ s not okay !
i ’ m going to tell desdemona my feelings .
if she returns my jewels , i ’ ll stop pursuing her and apologize to her .
if not , i ’ ll challenge you to a duel .
you ’ ve said what you have to say now .
yes , and i ’ ll do everything i just said .
from this moment on i have a higher opinion of you than before .
give me your hand , roderigo .
it doesn ’ t look that way to me .
well , what ’ s your plan ?
venice has made cassio governor here on cyprus .
then desdemona and othello will go back to venice .
what do you mean , get rid of him ?
i mean knock his brains out , so he can ’ t take othello ’ s place .
and that ’ s what you want me to do !
yes , if you want to help yourself .
he ’ s having dinner tonight with a prostitute , and i ’ ll go visit him .
he doesn ’ t know he ’ s been appointed governor yet .
i ’ ll be nearby to help you , and between the two of us we can handle him .
it ’ s nearly dinner time , and the night ’ s going to be wasted .
i want to hear more about this .
please , sir , don ’ t trouble yourself .
you ’ re most welcome .
would you walk out with me , sir ? —oh , desdemona— yes , my lord ?
go to bed right this minute .
i ’ ll be there shortly .
i will , my lord .
he looks calmer than he did before .
that ’ s what he said .
so give me my nightgown , emilia , and i ’ ll say goodnight .
we shouldn ’ t displease him .
i wish you ’ d never met him .
that ’ s not what i wish .
i put those wedding sheets on your bed , as you asked .
it doesn ’ t matter .
oh , how silly we are !
if i die before you do make sure i ’ m wrapped in those sheets in my coffin .
don ’ t be silly !
i can ’ t get that song out of my head tonight .
should i get your nightgown ?
no , just help me unpin this .
that lodovico is a good-looking man .
he ’ s very handsome .
it ’ s the wind .
my eyes itch—is that an omen i ’ ll be crying soon ?
no , it doesn ’ t mean anything .
i heard someone say that ’ s what it means .
oh , these men , these men !
there are women like that out there , no question .
come on , i ’ ll fight you .
sir , your age and status inspire more respect than your weapons do .
you evil thief , where have you hidden my daughter ?
you devil , you ’ ve put a spell on her !
it ’ s obvious to everyone that you ’ ve tricked her , drugged her , or kidnapped her .
if he struggles , use force !
where do you want me to go to respond to these charges ?
would you ever do such a thing for all the world ?
why , wouldn ’ t you ?
by the light of heaven , no , i would not !
i wouldn ’ t either , by daylight .
it would be easier to do it in the dark .
could you really do such a thing , for all the world ?
the world ’ s huge .
it ’ s a big prize for such a small sin .
i don ’ t think you would .
actually i think i would , and then i ’ d undo it after i did it .
but for the whole world ?
who wouldn ’ t cheat on her husband to make him king ?
i ’ d risk my soul for that .
i ’ d never do such a bad thing , not for the whole world !
i don ’ t think any woman like that exists .
yes , a dozen of them—as many as there are women in the world , in fact .
but i do think it ’ s the husband ’ s fault if we wives cheat on them .
husbands need to know that their wives are human beings too .
they see , smell , and taste sweet and sour just like their husbands .
is it out of lust ?
then tell them to treat us well .
good night , good night .
here , stand behind this wall ; he ’ ll come right away .
don ’ t be afraid .
i ’ ll be right next to you .
this will either make us or break us .
i ’ m right behind you .
be bold , and get ready .
i don ’ t really want to do this , but he ’ s given me good reasons .
i guess it ’ s only one man—no big deal .
i know the sound of his walk.—die , villain !
oh , i ’ m dead !
i ’ ll be crippled forever !
that ’ s cassio ’ s voice .
iago has kept his word .
oh , what a villain i am !
that ’ s the truth .
brave iago , how honest and trustworthy you are !
you teach me how i should act .
whore , your lover ’ s dead now , and you ’ ll be going to hell soon .
i ’ m coming , slut !
i ’ ve shut the memory of your beautiful eyes out of my heart .
isn ’ t there a guard around ?
something ’ s wrong , the man sounds panicked .
i ’ ve acted like such a villain !
two or three men are groaning .
but it ’ s dark out , and it could be a trap .
it ’ s not safe to go near them till we get more help .
i ’ ll bleed to death .
here ’ s someone coming in his pajamas , with a candle and weapons .
who ’ s shouting “ murder ” ?
we don ’ t know .
didn ’ t you hear someone shouting ?
i ’ m here , here !
for heaven ’ s sake , help me !
he ’ s a good man .
is that you , iago ?
i ’ m here , i ’ ve been destroyed by villains !
what villains did this to you ?
i think one of them is nearby and can ’ t get away .
that ’ s one of them .
killing men in the dark ?
are you good or evil ?
cassio ’ s been wounded .
how are you doing , brother ?
my leg ’ s been cut in two .
bring me some light , gentlemen , i ’ ll bind the wound with my shirt .
what ’ s the matter ?
oh , my dear cassio !
oh , cassio , cassio , cassio !
cassio , do you know who might have stabbed you like this ?
i ’ m sorry to find you like this .
i ’ ve been looking all over for you .
oh cassio , cassio , cassio !
do you recognize this face ?
that ’ s the one , sir .
i ’ m glad to see you .
how are you doing , cassio ? —someone bring me a stretcher !
it ’ s him , it ’ s him .
good—here ’ s the stretcher .
get somebody strong to carry him out of here .
i ’ ll get the general ’ s surgeon .
there wasn ’ t any problem .
i don ’ t even know him .
keep an eye on her .
the guilty speak volumes even when they ’ re silent .
what ’ s the matter ?
what ’ s the matter , husband ?
cassio was attacked here in the dark by roderigo and men who escaped .
he ’ s near death , and roderigo ’ s dead already .
oh , no , good gentleman !
oh no , good cassio !
this is what happens when you visit whores .
please , emilia , ask cassio where he was at dinner tonight.—
he ate at my house , but that doesn ’ t make me nervous .
i order you to come with me .
go to hell , you whore !
emilia , go to the castle and tell othello and desdemona what happened.—will you please go now ?
to prison , until you ’ re called into court .
his messengers are waiting here to take me to him immediately , on pressing state business .
the duke ’ s in a meeting right now , and he ’ s sent for you too .
the duke ’ s in a meeting ?
at this time of night ?
the law ’ s on my side .
if we let crimes like this happen , slaves and heathens will be our rulers .
i have to do it , i have to do it .
but she ’ s got to die , or she ’ ll cheat on other men .
put out the light of the candle , and then put out the light of her heart .
if i extinguish the candle , i can light it again if i regret it .
will you come to bed , my lord ?
oh , my lord , what do you mean by that ?
i ’ ll wait over here .
i don ’ t want to kill you before you ’ ve readied your soul .
no , i don ’ t want to send your soul to hell when i kill you .
you ’ re talking about killing ?
then heaven have mercy on me .
amen to that , from the bottom of my heart .
if you really feel that way , then i hope you won ’ t kill me .
i don ’ t know why i should be afraid , since i haven ’ t done anything wrong .
but i ’ m still afraid .
my only sin was loving you too much .
yes , that ’ s why you have to die .
you ’ re wrong to kill me for loving you .
why are you chewing on your lower lip like that ?
you ’ re shaking with emotion .
these are bad omens , but i hope , i hope , they don ’ t predict my future .
what ’ s this all about ?
you gave that handkerchief , the one i loved and gave to you , to cassio .
no , i swear by my life and soul !
bring him here and ask him .
you ’ re on your deathbed .
but i ’ m not dying yet !
so confess your sin freely now .
you ’ re going to die .
then heaven have mercy on me !
and you have mercy on me too !
i never gave him any token of romantic love .
i saw him holding the handkerchief !
he ’ s already done so .
that he had sex with you .
he wouldn ’ t say that .
honest iago ’ s arranged that .
what , is he dead ?
oh , he ’ s been betrayed , and i ’ ve been ruined .
send me away , my lord , but don ’ t kill me !
kill me tomorrow—but let me live tonight .
no , if you struggle with me— just half an hour !
just let me say one prayer !
it ’ s too late .
what ’ s that noise ?
aren ’ t you dead yet ?
yes , it ’ s emilia .
what ’ s the matter with you now ?
yes , just now , my lord .
cassio ’ s killed a young venetian named roderigo .
roderigo ’ s been killed ?
and cassio ’ s killed ?
no , cassio wasn ’ t killed .
cassio ’ s not dead ?
then the wrong man is dead , and sweet revenge has gone wrong .
oh , i ’ ve been murdered unfairly !
oh lord , who ’ s that crying ?
oh , no , that was my lady ’ s voice .
oh , lady , speak again .
oh sweet mistress , speak !
i ’ m dying an innocent woman .
oh , who did this thing ?
give my love to my kind husband .
why , how could she have been murdered ?
my god , who knows ?
you heard her say it wasn ’ t me .
yes , she said that .
i must go report what happened .
she was lying even as she was going down to hell .
then she was even more an angel , and you ’ re an even blacker devil !
she cheated on me , and she was a whore .
you slander her , you devil .
she was fickle and unfaithful , like water .
she was utterly true to you !
ask your husband if you doubt me .
your husband knew about everything .
he said she was unfaithful ?
yes , he ’ s the one who first told me about her .
he ’ s an honest man who detests evil actions .
why do you keep repeating that , woman ?
i ’ m telling you , your husband .
oh , my mistress , a villain has made a mockery of your love !
my husband said she was unfaithful !
yes , him , woman .
i said “ your husband. ” —do you understand that word ?
my friend , your husband , the honest , honest iago .
if he said that , then i hope his malicious soul rots in hell forever .
he ’ s lying through his teeth !
she was too attached to her filthy marriage ever to do a thing like that !
go ahead , do your worst .
you weren ’ t good enough for her .
you ’ d better shut up !
i ’ ll tell everyone what you did , even if it
the moor ’ s killed my mistress !
what ’ s the matter ?
what ’ s going on here , general ?
oh , are you here , iago ?
you ’ ve done a good job , that other men can attribute their murders to you !
what ’ s the matter ?
i told him what i thought .
but did you tell him she cheated on him ?
then you told a lie , a sick , wicked lie .
i swear on my soul it was a lie .
you said she slept with cassio .
my mistress here lies murdered in her bed— no , heaven forbid !
you can ’ t trust them .
it ’ s true , they ’ re inconsistent .
my letters say there are a hundred and seven ships .
and mine say a hundred and forty .
and mine say two hundred .
but often in these cases , reports are just estimates .
yes , we get the idea .
it ’ s a messenger from the warships .
and your lies caused this murder .
i ’ ll kill myself out of grief !
oh , evil , evil !
i ’ m ordering you , go home .
good gentlemen , give me permission to speak .
i know i ought to obey my husband , but not now .
maybe i ’ ll never go home again , iago !
yes , go ahead and moan , because you killed the sweetest , most innocent woman who ever lived !
i ’ m glad your father isn ’ t alive to see this .
it would make him curse the heavens and be damned to hell .
it ’ s sad , but iago knows she had sex with cassio a thousand times .
damn it , shut your mouth .
let heaven and men and devils tell me to shut me up .
if you ’ re smart , you ’ ll go home .
drawing your sword on a woman ?
oh , you stupid moor !
i found that handkerchief by accident and gave it to my husband .
he ’ d begged me to steal it many times .
you think she gave it to cassio ?
no , i found it and gave it to my husband .
you piece of filth , you ’ re lying !
i swear i ’ m not lying .
he ’ s killed his wife !
lay me next to my mistress .
he ’ s gone , and his wife ’ s dead .
kill him rather than let him leave this room .
but why should my reputation for honor last longer than my honor did ?
what did your song mean , lady ?
i ’ ll die like a swan .
they sing when they die .
uncle , i ’ m coming out !
i have a mind to strike thee ere thou speak ’ st .
madam , he ’ s well .
th ’ art an honest man .
caesar and he are greater friends than ever .
make thee a fortune from me .
but yet , madam— i do not like “ but yet. ” it does allay the good precedence .
prithee , friend , pour out the pack of matter to mine ear , the good and bad together .
free , madam , no .
i made no such report .
he ’ s bound unto octavia .
for the best turn i ’ th ’ bed .
i am pale , charmian .
madam , he ’ s married to octavia .
the most infectious pestilence upon thee !
hence , horrible villain , or i ’ ll spurn thine eyes like balls before me !
i ’ ll unhair thy head !
thou shalt be whipped with wire and stewed in brine , smarting in ling ’ ring pickle !
say ’ tis not so , a province i will give thee and make thy fortunes proud .
he ’ s married , madam .
rogue , thou hast lived too long .
nay then , i ’ ll run .
what mean you , madam ?
i have made no fault .
good madam , keep yourself within yourself .
some innocents ’ scape not the thunderbolt .
melt egypt into nile , and kindly creatures turn all to serpents .
though i am mad , i will not bite him .
he is afeard to come .
i will not hurt him .
though it be honest , it is never good to bring bad news .
i have done my duty .
dost thou hold there still ?
should i lie , madam ?
go , get thee hence .
i crave your highness ’ pardon .
take no offense that i would not offend you .
to punish me for what you make me do seems much unequal .
he ’ s married to octavia .
the merchandise which thou hast brought from rome are all too dear for me .
lie they upon thy hand and be undone by ’ em !
good your highness , patience .
in praising antony , i have dispraised caesar .
i am paid for ’ t now .
tis no matter.— go to the fellow , good alexas .
bid him report the feature of octavia : her years , her inclination .
let him not leave out the color of her hair .
bring me word how tall she is .
lead me to my chamber .
oh that i knew this husband , which , you say , must charge his horns with garlands !
i make not , but foresee .
pray , then , foresee me one .
no , you shall paint when you are old .
you shall be more beloving than beloved .
what was ’ t that moved pale cassius to conspire ?
thou canst not fear us , pompey , with thy sails .
we ’ ll speak with thee at sea .
at land , thou know ’ st how much we do o ’ ercount thee .
be pleased to tell us— for this is from the present—how you take the offers we have sent you .
there ’ s the point .
which do not be entreated to , but weigh what it is worth embraced .
you have made me offer of sicily , sardinia .
and i must rid all the sea of pirates , then , to send measures of wheat to rome .
this ’ greed upon to part with unhacked edges and bear back our targes undinted .
that ’ s our offer .
let me have your hand .
i did not think , sir , to have met you here .
i hope so , lepidus .
that ’ s the next to do .
we ’ ll feast each other ere we part , and let ’ s draw lots who shall begin .
that will i , pompey .
no , antony , take the lot .
but , first or last , your fine egyptian cookery shall have the fame .
i have heard that julius caesar grew fat with feasting there .
i have fair meanings , sir .
and fair words to them .
then so much have i heard .
and i have heard apollodorus carried— what , i pray you ?
how far ’ st thou , soldier ?
well , and well am like to do , for i perceive , four feasts are toward .
let me shake thy hand .
i have seen thee fight when i have envied thy behavior .
it nothing ill becomes thee.— aboard my galley i invite you all .
will you lead , lords ?
show ’ s the way , sir .
at sea , i think .
you have done well by water .
nor what i have done by water .
yes , something you can deny for your own safety : you have been a great thief by sea .
there i deny my land service .
but give me your hand , menas .
if our eyes had authority , here they might take two thieves kissing .
all men ’ s faces are true , whatsome ’ er their hands are .
but there is never a fair woman has a true face .
we came hither to fight with you .
for my part , i am sorry it is turned to a drinking .
pompey doth this day laugh away his fortune .
if he do , sure he can not weep ’ t back again .
you ’ ve said , sir .
we looked not for mark antony here .
pray you , is he married to cleopatra ?
caesar ’ s sister is called octavia .
she was the wife of caius marcellus .
but she is now the wife of marcus antonius .
then is caesar and he forever knit together .
if i were bound to divine of this unity , i would not prophesy so .
i think the policy of that purpose made more in the marriage than the love of the parties .
octavia is of a holy , cold , and still conversation .
who would not have his wife so ?
not he that himself is not so , which is mark antony .
he will to his egyptian dish again .
antony will use his affection where it is .
he married but his occasion here .
and thus it may be .
come , sir , will you aboard ?
i have a health for you .
i shall take it , sir .
we have used our throats in egypt .
come , let ’ s away .
here they ’ ll be , man .
some o ’ their plants are ill-rooted already .
they have made him drink alms-drink .
they know by th ’ height , the lowness , or the mean , if dearth or foison follow .
the higher nilus swells the more it promises .
you ’ ve strange serpents there ?
your serpent of egypt is bred now of your mud by the operation of your sun .
i am not so well as i should be , but i ’ ll ne ’ er out .
not till you have slept .
i fear me you ’ ll be in till then .
nay , certainly , i have heard the ptolemies ’ pyramises are very goodly things .
without contradiction i have heard that .
what manner o ’ thing is your crocodile ?
it is shaped , sir , like itself , and it is as broad as it hath breadth .
it is just so high as it is , and moves with its own organs .
of it own color too .
and the tears of it are wet .
i have ever held my cap off to thy fortunes .
thou hast served me with much faith .
wilt thou be lord of the whole world ?
good now , some excellent fortune !
let me be married to three kings in a forenoon and widow them all .
then belike my children shall have no names .
prithee , how many boys and wenches must i have ?
if every of your wishes had a womb , and fertile every wish , a million .
you think none but your sheets are privy to your wishes .
we ’ ll know all our fortunes .
mine , and most of our fortunes tonight , shall be—drunk to bed .
no , pompey , i have kept me from the cup .
these three world-sharers , these competitors , are in thy vessel .
ah , this thou shouldst have done and not have spoke on ’ t !
in me ’ tis villainy , in thee ’ t had been good service .
thou must know , ’ tis not my profit that does lead mine honor ; mine honor , it .
repent that e ’ er thy tongue hath so betrayed thine act .
being done unknown , i should have found it afterwards well done , but must condemn it now .
here ’ s to thee , menas !
there ’ s a strong fellow , menas .
he bears the third part of the world , man .
the third part , then , is drunk .
this is not yet an alexandrian feast .
strike the vessels , ho !
here ’ s to caesar .
i could well forbear ’ t .
be a child o ’ th ’ time .
but i had rather fast from all four days than drink so much in one .
let ’ s ha ’ t , good soldier .
give ’ s your hand .
come , down into the boat .
take heed you fall not .
menas , i ’ ll not on shore .
no , to my cabin .
there ’ s my cap .
caesar and antony have ever won more in their officer than person .
thou hast , ventidius , that without the which a soldier and his sword grants scarce distinction .
thou wilt write to antony ?
what , are the brothers parted ?
they have dispatched with pompey ; he is gone .
octavia weeps to part from rome .
oh , how he loves caesar !
nay , but how dearly he adores mark antony !
o antony , o thou arabian bird !
would you praise caesar , say “ caesar. ” go no further .
indeed , he plied them both with excellent praises .
but he loves caesar best ; yet he loves antony .
they are his shards , and he
so , this is to horse .
good fortune , worthy soldier , and farewell .
for better might we have loved without this mean , if on both parts this be not cherished .
make me not offended in your distrust .
so the gods keep you and make the hearts of romans serve your ends .
farewell , my dearest sister , fare thee well .
the elements be kind to thee and make thy spirits all of comfort !
i ’ ll tell you in your ear .
look , here i have you .
thus i let you go and give you to the gods .
e ’ en as the o ’ erflowing nilus presageth famine .
go , you wild bedfellow , you can not soothsay .
but how , but how ?
am i not an inch of fortune better than she ?
well , if you were but an inch of fortune better than i , where would you choose it ?
not in my husband ’ s nose .
our worser thoughts heavens mend .
therefore , dear isis , keep decorum , and fortune him accordingly .
go to , go to.—come hither , sir .
good majesty , herod of jewry dare not look upon you but when you are well pleased .
that herod ’ s head i ’ ll have !
i looked her in the face , and saw her led between her brother and mark antony .
is she as tall as me ?
she is not , madam .
is she shrill-tongued or low ?
madam , i heard her speak .
that ’ s not so good .
he can not like her long .
o isis , ’ tis impossible .
i think so , charmian .
she shows a body rather than a life , a statue than a breather .
or i have no observance .
three in egypt can not make better note .
there ’ s nothing in her yet .
the fellow has good judgment .
and i do think she ’ s thirty .
bear ’ st thou her face in mind ?
is ’ t long or round ?
round , even to faultiness .
for the most part , too , they are foolish that are so .
her hair , what color ?
brown , madam , and her forehead as low as she would wish it .
thou must not take my former sharpness ill .
i will employ thee back again ; i find thee most fit for business .
go make thee ready ; our letters are prepared .
indeed , he is so .
i repent me much that so i harried him .
all may be well enough .
i warrant you , madam .
o my good lord , believe not all , or , if you must believe , stomach not all .
gentle octavia , let your best love draw to that point which seeks best to preserve it .
the meantime , lady , i ’ ll raise the preparation of a war shall stain your brother .
the jove of power make me most weak , most weak , your reconciler !
provide your going ; choose your own company and command what cost your heart has mind to .
how now , friend eros !
there ’ s strange news come , sir .
caesar and lepidus have made wars upon pompey .
so the poor third is up , till death enlarge his confine .
more , domitius : my lord desires you presently .
my news i might have told hereafter .
twill be naught , but let it be .
contemning rome , he has done all this and more in alexandria .
this in the public eye ?
let rome be thus informed .
who , queasy with his insolence already , will their good thoughts call from him .
the people knows it , and have now received his accusations .
then does he say he lent me some shipping , unrestored .
sir , this should be answered .
tis done already , and the messenger gone .
he ’ ll never yield to that .
nor must not then be yielded to in this .
hail , caesar , and my lord !
hail , most dear caesar !
that ever i should call thee castaway !
you have not called me so , nor have you cause .
why have you stol ’ n upon us thus ?
you come not like caesar ’ s sister .
nay , the dust should have ascended to the roof of heaven , raised by your populous troops .
we should have met you by sea and land , supplying every stage with an augmented greeting .
which soon he granted , being an obstruct ’ tween his lust and him .
he was disposed to mirth , but on the sudden a roman thought hath struck him.—enobarbus !
fulvia thy wife first came into the field .
do not say so , my lord .
my lord , in athens .
no , my most wrongèd sister .
cleopatra hath nodded him to her .
ay me , most wretched , that have my heart parted betwixt two friends that does afflict each other !
best of comfort , and ever welcome to us .
each heart in rome does love and pity you .
pray you be ever known to patience .
my dear ’ st sister !
but why , why , why ?
thou hast forspoke my being in these wars and sayst it is not fit .
is ’ t not denounced against us ?
why should not we be there in person ?
what is ’ t you say ?
and their tongues rot that speak against us !
i will not stay behind .
nay , i have done .
celerity is never more admired than by the negligent .
by sea , what else ?
why will my lord do so ?
for that he dares us to ’ t .
so hath my lord dared him to single fight .
ay , and to wage this battle at pharsalia , where caesar fought with pompey .
but these offers , which serve not for his vantage , he shakes off , and so should you .
in caesar ’ s fleet are those that often have ’ gainst pompey fought .
their ships are yare , yours , heavy .
no disgrace shall fall you for refusing him at sea , being prepared for land .
i ’ ll fight at sea .
but if we fail , we then can do ’ t at land .
the news is true , my lord .
canidius , our nineteen legions thou shalt hold by land , and our twelve thousand horse .
how now , worthy soldier ?
o noble emperor , do not fight by sea !
trust not to rotten planks .
do you misdoubt this sword and these my wounds ?
let th ’ egyptians and the phoenicians go a-ducking .
we have used to conquer standing on the earth and fighting foot to foot .
well , well , away .
by hercules , i think i am i ’ th ’ right .
soldier , thou art ; but his whole action grows not in the power on ’ t .
so our leader ’ s led , and we are women ’ s men .
you keep by land the legions and the horse whole , do you not ?
this speed of caesar ’ s carries beyond belief .
while he was yet in rome his power went out in such distractions as beguiled all spies .
who ’ s his lieutenant , hear you ?
they say , one taurus .
well i know the man .
with news the time ’ s with labor , and throws forth each minute some .
strike not by land ; keep whole .
provoke not battle till we have done at sea .
our fortune lies upon this jump .
i can behold no longer .
gods and goddesses , all the whole synod of them !
what ’ s thy passion ?
the greater cantle of the world is lost with very ignorance .
we have kissed away kingdoms and provinces .
mine eyes did sicken at the sight and could not endure a further view .
the nature of bad news infects the teller .
when it concerns the fool or coward .
things that are past are done , with me .
name cleopatra as she is called in rome .
i never saw an action of such shame .
experience , manhood , honor , ne ’ er before did violate so itself .
our fortune on the sea is out of breath and sinks most lamentably .
had our general been what he knew himself , it had gone well .
oh , he has given example for our flight most grossly by his own !
ay , are you thereabouts ?
why then , good night indeed .
toward peloponnesus are they fled .
to caesar will i render my legions and my horse .
i am so lated in the world that i have lost my way forever .
i have a ship laden with gold .
fly and make your peace with caesar .
i have fled myself , and have instructed cowards to run and show their shoulders .
i have myself resolved upon a course which has no need of you .
oh , i followed that i blush to look upon !
you shall have letters from me to some friends that will sweep your way for you .
pray you , look not sad , nor make replies of loathness .
take the hint which my despair proclaims .
let that be left which leaves itself .
i will possess you of that ship and treasure .
leave me , i pray , a little .
pray you now , nay , do so , for indeed i have lost command .
oh , fie , fie , fie !
madam , o good empress !
the queen , my lord , the queen .
go to him , madam , speak to him .
he is unqualitied with very shame .
well then , sustain me .
most noble sir , arise .
her head ’ s declined , and death will seize her but your comfort makes the rescue .
i have offended reputation , a most unnoble swerving .
oh , whither hast thou led me , egypt ?
o my lord , my lord , forgive my fearful sails !
i little thought you would have followed .
fall not a tear , i say .
one of them rates all that is won and lost .
even this repays me.— we sent our schoolmaster .
let him appear that ’ s come from antony .
such as i am , i come from antony .
for antony , i have no ears to his request .
this if she perform , she shall not sue unheard .
bring him through the bands .
what shall we do , enobarbus ?
is antony or we in fault for this ?
antony only , that would make his will lord of his reason .
the queen shall then have courtesy , so she will yield us up ?
let her know ’ t.— and he will fill thy wishes to the brim with principalities .
that head , my lord ?
what , no more ceremony ?
he stays upon your will .
fulvia thy wife is dead .
her length of sickness , with what else more serious importeth thee to know , this bears .
so haply are they friends to antony .
he needs as many , sir , as caesar has , or needs not us .
if caesar please , our master will leap to be his friend .
for us , you know whose he is we are , and that is caesar ’ s .
he knows that you embrace not antony as you did love , but as you feared him .
he is a god and knows what is most right .
mine honor was not yielded , but conquered merely .
shall i say to caesar what you require of him ?
for he partly begs to be desired to give .
it much would please him that of his fortunes you should make a staff to lean upon .
what ’ s your name ?
most kind messenger , say to great caesar this in deputation : i kiss his conqu ’ ring hand .
tell him i am prompt to lay my crown at ’ s feet , and there to kneel .
what art thou , fellow ?
take hence this jack and whip him .
this jack of caesar ’ s shall bear us an errand to him .
good my lord— you have been a boggler ever .
oh , is ’ t come to this ?
i found you as a morsel cold upon dead caesar ’ s trencher .
alack , our terrene moon is now eclipsed , and it portends alone the fall of antony .
to flatter caesar , would you mingle eyes with one that ties his points ?
as it determines , so dissolve my life !
caesar sits down in alexandria , where i will oppose his fate .
our force by land hath nobly held .
our severed navy too have knit again , and fleet , threat ’ ning most sealike .
where hast thou been , my heart ?
dost thou hear , lady ?
if from the field i shall return once more to kiss these lips , i will appear in blood .
i and my sword will earn our chronicle .
there ’ s hope in ’ t yet .
that ’ s my brave lord !
i will be treble-sinewed , -hearted , -breathed , and fight maliciously .
come , let ’ s have one other gaudy night .
call to me all my sad captains .
let ’ s mock the midnight bell .
we will yet do well .
now he ’ ll outstare the lightning .
when valor preys on reason , it eats the sword it fights with .
i will seek some way to leave him .
he calls me “ boy ” and chides as he had power to beat me out of egypt .
let the old ruffian know i have many other ways to die , meantime laugh at his challenge .
give him no breath , but now make boot of his distraction .
never anger made good guard for itself .
let our best heads know that tomorrow the last of many battles we mean to fight .
see it done and feast the army .
we have store to do ’ t , and they have earned the waste .
what ’ s your pleasure , sir ?
i must with haste from hence .
why , then , we kill all our women .
we see how mortal an unkindness is to them .
if they suffer our departure , death ’ s the word .
under a compelling occasion , let women die .
cleopatra , catching but the least noise of this , dies instantly .
i have seen her die twenty times upon far poorer moment .
she is cunning past man ’ s thought .
we can not call her winds and waters sighs and tears .
he will not fight with me , domitius ?
he thinks , being twenty times of better fortune , he is twenty men to one .
tomorrow , soldier , by sea and land i ’ ll fight .
or i will live or bathe my dying honor in the blood shall make it live again .
woo ’ t thou fight well ?
i ’ ll strike and cry , “ take all. ” well said .
call forth my household servants .
let ’ s tonight be bounteous at our meal .
you have served me well , and kings have been your fellows .
well , my good fellows , wait on me tonight .
look , they weep , and i , an ass , am onion-eyed .
ho , ho , ho !
now the witch take me if i meant it thus !
grace grow where those drops fall !
heard you of nothing strange about the streets ?
belike ’ tis but a rumor .
well , sir , good night .
soldiers , have careful watch .
and if tomorrow our navy thrive , i have an absolute hope our landmen will stand up .
tis a brave army , and full of purpose .
music i ’ th ’ air .
it signs well , does it not ?
is ’ t not strange ?
do you hear , masters ?
follow the noise so far as we have quarter ; let ’ s see how it will give off .
come , good fellow , put thine iron on .
if fortune be not ours today , it is because we brave her .
nay , i ’ ll help too .
what ’ s this for ?
ah , let be , let be !
thou art the armorer of my heart .
sooth , la , i ’ ll help .
well , well , we shall thrive now.—seest thou , my good fellow ?
go put on thy defenses .
is not this buckled well ?
dispatch.—o love , that thou couldst see my wars today , and knew ’ st the royal occupation !
thou look ’ st like him that knows a warlike charge .
to business that we love we rise betimes and go to ’ t with delight .
tis well blown , lads .
this morning , like the spirit of a youth that means to be of note , begins betimes .
fare thee well , dame .
whate ’ er becomes of me , this is a soldier ’ s kiss .
i ’ ll leave thee now like a man of steel .
the gods make this a happy day to antony !
would thou and those thy scars had once prevailed to make me fight at land !
who ’ s gone this morning ?
sir , he is with caesar .
sir , his chests and treasure he has not with him .
go , eros , send his treasure after .
detain no jot , i charge thee .
write to him— i will subscribe—gentle adieus and greetings .
say that i wish he never find more cause to change a master .
oh , my fortunes have corrupted honest men !
why , sir , give the gods a thankful sacrifice .
this grief is crowned with consolation .
the business she hath broached in the state can not endure my absence .
let our officers have notice what we purpose .
i shall break the cause of our expedience to the queen and get her leave to part .
say our pleasure , to such whose place is under us , requires our quick remove from hence .
go forth , agrippa , and begin the fight .
our will is antony be took alive .
the time of universal peace is near .
for this pains caesar hath hanged him .
canidius and the rest that fell away have entertainment but no honorable trust .
i have done ill , of which i do accuse myself so sorely that i will joy no more .
enobarbus , antony hath after thee sent all thy treasure , with his bounty overplus .
the messenger came on my guard , and at thy tent is now unloading of his mules .
best you safed the bringer out of the host .
i must attend mine office , or would have done ’ t myself .
your emperor continues still a jove .
i am alone the villain of the earth , and feel i am so most .
no , i will go seek some ditch wherein to die .
the foul ’ st best fits my latter part of life .
we have engaged ourselves too far .
caesar himself has work , and our oppression exceeds what we expected .
o my brave emperor , this is fought indeed !
had we done so at first , we had droven them home with clouts about their heads .
thou bleed ’ st apace .
we ’ ll beat ’ em into bench-holes .
i have yet room for six scotches more .
they are beaten , sir , and our advantage serves for a fair victory .
let us score their backs and snatch ’ em up , as we take hares , behind !
tis sport to maul a runner .
i will reward thee once for thy sprightly comfort and tenfold for thy good valor .
i ’ ll halt after .
we have beat him to his camp .
run one before and let the queen know of our gests .
o infinite virtue , com ’ st thou smiling from the world ’ s great snare uncaught ?
mine nightingale , we have beat them to their beds .
he has deserved it , were it carbuncled like holy phoebus ’ car .
if we be not relieved within this hour , we must return to th ’ court of guard .
o bear me witness , night— what man is this ?
stand close and list him .
let ’ s speak to him .
let ’ s hear him , for the things he speaks may concern caesar .
let ’ s do so .
swoons rather , for so bad a prayer as his was never yet for sleep .
awake , sir , awake .
the hand of death hath raught him .
let us bear him to th ’ court of guard .
our hour is fully out .
i shall do ’ t .
their preparation is today by sea .
we please them not by land .
for both , my lord .
but this it is : our foot upon the hills adjoining to the city shall stay with us .
to the vales , and hold our best advantage .
yet they are not joined .
where yond pine does stand i shall discover all .
i ’ ll bring thee word straight how ’ tis like to go .
swallows have built in cleopatra ’ s sails their nests .
this foul egyptian hath betrayèd me .
bid them all fly , for when i am revenged upon my charm , i have done all .
o sun , thy uprise shall i see no more .
fortune and antony part here .
even here do we shake hands .
oh , this false soul of egypt !
why is my lord enraged against his love ?
vanish , or i shall give thee thy deserving , and blemish caesar ’ s triumph .
let him take thee and hoist thee up to the shouting plebeians !
follow his chariot , like the greatest spot of all thy sex .
she dies for ’ t.—eros , ho !
help me , my women !
there lock yourself and send him word you are dead .
the soul and body rive not more in parting than greatness going off .
say that the last i spoke was “ antony , ” and word it , prithee , piteously .
hence , mardian , and bring me how he takes my death .
eros , thou yet behold ’ st me ?
thou hast seen these signs .
it does , my lord .
my good knave eros , now thy captain is even such a body .
here i am antony , yet can not hold this visible shape , my knave .
nay , weep not , gentle eros .
oh , thy vile lady !
she has robbed me of my sword .
she hath betrayed me and shall die the death .
death of one person can be paid but once , and that she has discharged .
what thou wouldst do is done unto thy hand .
it was divided between her heart and lips .
she rendered life , thy name so buried in her .
o , cleave , my sides !
heart , once be stronger than thy continent .
crack thy frail case ! —apace , eros , apace .
you have been nobly borne .
i will o ’ ertake thee , cleopatra , and weep for my pardon .
since the torch is out , lie down and stray no farther .
now all labor mars what it does .
yea , very force entangles itself with strength .
seal then , and all is done.— eros ! —i come , my queen.—eros ! —stay for me .
dido and her aeneas shall want troops , and all the haunt be ours.—come , eros , eros !
since cleopatra died i have lived in such dishonor that the gods detest my baseness .
thou strik ’ st not me , ’ tis caesar thou defeat ’ st .
put color in thy cheek .
shall i do that which all the parthian darts , though enemy , lost aim and could not ?
i would not see ’ t .
draw that thy honest sword , which thou hast worn most useful for thy country .
o sir , pardon me !
do it at once , or thy precedent services are all but accidents unpurposed .
turn from me then that noble countenance wherein the worship of the whole world lies .
i did not see him since .
what should i do i do not ?
in each thing give him way .
tempt him not so too far .
in time we hate that which we often fear .
i am sick and sullen .
i am sorry to give breathing to my purpose— help me away , dear charmian !
tis said , man , and farewell .
thus i do escape the sorrow of antony ’ s death .
my queen and eros have by their brave instruction got upon me a nobleness in record .
to do thus i learned of thee .
what ’ s the noise ?
i have done my work ill , friends .
oh , make an end of what i have begun !
the star is fall ’ n .
and time is at his period .
let him that loves me strike me dead .
thy death and fortunes bid thy followers fly .
this sword but shown to caesar , with this tidings , shall enter me with him .
there , diomed , there .
wilt thou not answer , man ?
art thou there , diomed ?
draw thy sword and give me sufficing strokes for death .
most absolute lord , my mistress cleopatra sent me to thee .
when did she send thee ?
she had a prophesying fear of what hath come to pass .
too late , good diomed .
call my guard , i prithee .
what ho , the emperor ’ s guard !
bear me , good friends , where cleopatra bides .
tis the last service that i shall command you .
woe , woe are we , sir , you may not live to wear all your true followers out .
nay , good my fellows , do not please sharp fate to grace it with your sorrows .
bid that welcome which comes to punish us , and we punish it , seeming to bear it lightly .
i have led you oft ; carry me now , good friends , and have my thanks for all .
o charmian , i will never go from hence .
be comforted , dear madam .
no , i will not .
all strange and terrible events are welcome , but comforts we despise .
our size of sorrow , proportioned to our cause , must be as great as that which makes it .
his death ’ s upon him , but not dead .
o antony , antony , antony !
help , charmian , help , iras , help !
not caesar ’ s valor hath o ’ erthrown antony , but antony ’ s hath triumphed on itself .
so it should be , that none but antony should conquer antony , but woe ’ tis so !
nay , but this dotage of our general ’ s o ’ erflows the measure .
if it be love indeed , tell me how much .
there ’ s beggary in the love that can be reckoned .
i ’ ll set a bourn how far to be beloved .
then must thou needs find out new heaven , new earth .
news , my good lord , from rome .
i am dying , egypt , dying .
not th ’ imperious show of the full-fortuned caesar ever shall be brooched with me .
if knife , drugs , serpents , have edge , sting , or operation , i am safe .
your wife octavia , with her modest eyes and still conclusion , shall acquire no honor demuring upon me .
oh , quick , or i am gone .
here ’ s sport indeed !
how heavy weighs my lord !
die when thou hast lived .
had my lips that power , thus would i wear them out .
i am dying , egypt , dying .
give me some wine and let me speak a little .
my resolution and my hands i ’ ll trust , none about caesar .
now my spirit is going .
noblest of men , woo ’ t die ?
hast thou no care of me ?
shall i abide in this dull world , which in thy absence is no better than a sty ?
oh , withered is the garland of the war .
the soldier ’ s pole is fall ’ n !
young boys and girls are level now with men .
the odds is gone , and there is nothing left remarkable beneath the visiting moon .
she ’ s dead too , our sovereign .
o madam , madam , madam !
peace , peace , iras .
all ’ s but naught .
how do you , women ?
what , what , good cheer !
why , how now , charmian ?
good sirs , take heart .
this case of that huge spirit now is cold .
ah , women , women !
we have no friend but resolution , and the briefest end .
go to him , dolabella , bid him yield .
being so frustrate , tell him , he mocks the pauses that he makes .
and what art thou that dar ’ st appear thus to us ?
mark antony i served , who best was worthy best to be served .
if thou pleasest not , i yield thee up my life .
what is ’ t thou say ’ st ?
i say , o caesar , antony is dead .
the breaking of so great a thing should make a greater crack .
the round world should have shook lions into civil streets and citizens to their dens .
the death of antony is not a single doom .
in the name lay a moiety of the world .
now , my dearest queen— pray you , stand farther from me .
what ’ s the matter ?
i know by that same eye there ’ s some good news .
what , says the married woman you may go ?
would she had never given you leave to come !
let her not say ’ tis i that keep you here .
i have no power upon you .
the gods best know— oh never was there queen so mightily betrayed !
yet at the first i saw the treasons planted .
riotous madness , to be entangled with those mouth-made vows which break themselves in swearing !
when you sued staying , then was the time for words .
i robbed his wound of it .
behold it stained with his most noble blood .
his taints and honors waged equal with him .
i must perforce have shown to thee such a declining day , or look on thine .
but i will tell you at some meeter season .
the business of this man looks out of him .
we ’ ll hear him what he says .
bid her have good heart .
so the gods preserve thee !
go and say we purpose her no shame .
go , and with your speediest bring us what she says and how you find of her .
gallus , go you along .
where ’ s dolabella , to second proculeius ?
let him alone , for i remember now how he ’ s employed .
he shall in time be ready .
go with me and see what i can show in this .
tis paltry to be caesar .
not being fortune , he ’ s but fortune ’ s knave , a minister of her will .
what ’ s thy name ?
you ’ re fall ’ n into a princely hand .
i hourly learn a doctrine of obedience , and would gladly look him i ’ th ’ face .
this i ’ ll report , dear lady .
you see how easily she may be surprised .
hold , worthy lady , hold !
do not yourself such wrong , who are in this relieved but not betrayed .
what , of death too , that rids our dogs of languish ?
cleopatra , do not abuse my master ’ s bounty by th ’ undoing of yourself .
let the world see his nobleness well acted , which your death will never let come forth .
where art thou , death ?
come , come and take a queen worth many babes and beggars !
oh , temperance , lady !
this mortal house i ’ ll ruin , do caesar what he can .
shall they hoist me up and show me to the shouting varletry of censuring rome ?
rather a ditch in egypt be gentle grave unto me .
rather on nilus ’ mud lay me stark naked and let the waterflies blow me into abhorring .
rather make my country ’ s high pyramides my gibbet and hang me up in chains !
you do extend these thoughts of horror further than you shall find cause in caesar .
proculeius , what thou hast done thy master caesar knows , and he hath sent for thee .
for the queen , i ’ ll take her to my guard .
so , dolabella , it shall content me best .
most noble empress , you have heard of me ?
you laugh when boys or women tell their dreams .
is ’ t not your trick ?
i understand not , madam .
i dreamt there was an emperor antony .
oh , such another sleep , that i might see but such another man !
his reared arm crested the world .
in his livery walked crowns and crownets .
realms and islands were as plates dropped from his pocket .
cleopatra— think you there was or might be such a man as this i dreamt of ?
you lie up to the hearing of the gods .
hear me , good madam .
your loss is as yourself , great , and you bear it as answering to the weight .
i thank you , sir .
know you what caesar means to do with me ?
i am loath to tell you what i would you knew .
arise , you shall not kneel .
i pray you , rise .
sir , the gods will have it thus .
take to you no hard thoughts .
i ’ ll take my leave .
and may , through all the world !
here , my good lord .
i would i had thy inches .
thou shouldst know there were a heart in egypt .
our italy shines o ’ er with civil swords .
sextus pompeius makes his approaches to the port of rome .
she ’ s dead , my queen .
you shall advise me in all for cleopatra .
this is the brief of money , plate , and jewels i am possessed of .
tis exactly valued , not petty things admitted .
let him speak , my lord , upon his peril , that i have reserved to myself nothing .
madam , i had rather seal my lips than to my peril speak that which is not .
what have i kept back ?
enough to purchase what you have made known .
nay , blush not , cleopatra .
oh , behold how pomp is followed !
the ingratitude of this seleucus does even make me wild .
thou shalt go back , i warrant thee !
but i ’ ll catch thine eyes , though they had wings .
cleopatra , not what you have reserved nor what acknowledged put we i ’ th ’ roll of conquest .
still be ’ t yours .
no , dear queen , for we intend so to dispose you as yourself shall give us counsel .
our care and pity is so much upon you that we remain your friend .
my master , and my lord !
but , hark thee , charmian .
where ’ s the queen ?
make your best use of this .
i have performed your pleasure and my promise .
dolabella , i shall remain your debtor .
i must attend on caesar .
now , iras , what think ’ st thou ?
thou an egyptian puppet shalt be shown in rome , as well as i .
mechanic slaves with greasy aprons , rules , and hammers shall uplift us to the view .
nay , ’ tis most certain , iras .
oh , the good gods !
nay , that ’ s certain .
i ’ ll never see ’ t !
for i am sure mine nails are stronger than mine eyes .
why , that ’ s the way to fool their preparation and to conquer their most absurd intents .
show me , my women , like a queen .
go fetch my best attires .
wherefore ’ s this noise ?
here is a rural fellow that will not be denied your highness ’ presence .
what poor an instrument may do a noble deed !
my resolution ’ s placed , and i have nothing of woman in me .
now from head to foot i am marble-constant .
now the fleeting moon no planet is of mine .
avoid , and leave him .
hast thou the pretty worm of nilus there , that kills and pains not ?
those that do die of it do seldom or never recover .
remember ’ st thou any that have died on ’ t ?
very many , men and women too .
truly , she makes a very good report o ’ th ’ worm .
but he that will believe all that they say shall never be saved by half that they do .
but this is most falliable , the worm ’ s an odd worm .
i wish you all joy of the worm .
you must think this , look you , that the worm will do his kind .
you must not think i am so simple but i know the devil himself will not eat a woman .
well , get thee gone .
i have immortal longings in me .
yare , yare , good iras , quick .
methinks i hear antony call .
i see him rouse himself to praise my noble act .
now to that name my courage prove my title !
i am fire and air , my other elements i give to baser life.—so , have you done ?
come then and take the last warmth of my lips .
have i the aspic in my lips ?
if thus thou vanishest , thou tell ’ st the world it is not worth leave-taking .
dissolve , thick cloud , and rain , that i may say the gods themselves do weep !
come , thou mortal wretch , with thy sharp teeth this knot intrinsicate of life at once untie .
poor venomous fool be angry and dispatch .
oh , couldst thou speak , that i might hear thee call great caesar ass unpolicied !
dost thou not see my baby at my breast , that sucks the nurse asleep ?
what should i stay— in this wild world ?
so , fare thee well .
now boast thee , death , in thy possession lies a lass unparalleled .
and golden phoebus never be beheld of eyes again so royal !
your crown ’ s awry .
i ’ ll mend it and then play— where ’ s the queen ?
caesar hath sent— too slow a messenger .
oh , come apace , dispatch !
there ’ s dolabella sent from caesar .
what work is here , charmian ?
it is well done and fitting for a princess descended of so many royal kings .
caesar , thy thoughts touch their effects in this .
thyself art coming to see performed the dreaded act which thou so sought ’ st to hinder .
where be the sacred vials thou shouldst fill with sorrowful water ?
now i see , i see , in fulvia ’ s death how mine received shall be .
cut my lace , charmian , come !
i am quickly ill , and well , so antony loves .
my precious queen , forbear , and give true evidence to his love which stands an honorable trial .
i prithee , turn aside and weep for her .
then bid adieu to me , and say the tears belong to egypt .
o sir , you are too sure an augurer .
that you did fear is done .
the manner of their deaths ?
i do not see them bleed .
who was last with them ?
a simple countryman that brought her figs .
oh , caesar , this charmian lived but now .
i found her trimming up the diadem on her dead mistress .
tremblingly she stood and on the sudden dropped .
here on her breast there is a vent of blood , and something blown .
the like is on her arm .
take up her bed and bear her women from the monument .
she shall be buried by her antony .
no grave upon the earth shall clip in it a pair so famous .
our army shall in solemn show attend this funeral , and then to rome .
come , dolabella , see high order in this great solemnity .
you ’ ll heat my blood .
you can do better yet , but this is meetly .
now , by my sword— and target .
i ’ ll leave you , lady .
courteous lord , one word .
sir , you and i must part , but that ’ s not it .
tis sweating labor to bear such idleness so near the heart as cleopatra this .
your honor calls you hence .
therefore be deaf to my unpitied folly , and all the gods go with you !
upon your sword sit laurel victory , and smooth success be strewed before your feet .
here ’ s more news .
pompey is strong at sea , and it appears he is beloved of those that only have feared caesar .
i should have known no less .
many hot inroads they make in italy—the borders maritime lack blood to think on ’ t—and flush youth revolt .
antony , leave thy lascivious wassails .
thou didst drink the stale of horses and the gilded puddle which beasts would cough at .
let his shames quickly drive him to rome .
pompey thrives in our idleness .
till which encounter it is my business too .
that i might sleep out this great gap of time my antony is away .
you think of him too much .
oh , ’ tis treason !
madam , i trust , not so .
what ’ s your highness ’ pleasure ?
not now to hear thee sing .
i take no pleasure in aught an eunuch has .
tis well for thee that , being unseminared , thy freer thoughts may not fly forth of egypt .
not in deed , madam , for i can do nothing but what indeed is honest to be done .
stands he or sits he ?
or is he on his horse ?
o happy horse , to bear the weight of antony !
now i feed myself with most delicious poison .
think on me , that am with phoebus ’ amorous pinches black and wrinkled deep in time .
nay , hear them , antony .
perform ’ t , or else we damn thee. ” how , my love ?
nay , and most like .
you must not stay here longer .
sovereign of egypt , hail !
how much unlike art thou mark antony !
yet , coming from him , that great med ’ cine hath with his tinct gilded thee .
how goes it with my brave mark antony ?
last thing he did , dear queen , he kissed—the last of many doubled kisses— this orient pearl .
mine ear must pluck it thence .
what was he , sad or merry ?
note him , note him , good charmian , ’ tis the man , but note him .
he was not sad , for he would shine on those that make their looks by his .
ay , madam , twenty several messengers .
why do you send so thick ?
who ’ s born that day when i forget to send to antony shall die a beggar .
ink and paper , charmian .
welcome , my good alexas .
did i , charmian , ever love caesar so ?
oh , that brave caesar !
be choked with such another emphasis !
say , “ the brave antony. ” the valiant caesar !
by isis , i will give thee bloody teeth if thou with caesar paragon again my man of men .
by your most gracious pardon , i sing but after you .
the people love me , and the sea is mine .
my powers are crescent , and my auguring hope says it will come to th ’ full .
mark antony in egypt sits at dinner , and will make no wars without doors .
caesar gets money where he loses hearts .
lepidus flatters both , of both is flattered , but he neither loves , nor either cares for him .
caesar and lepidus are in the field .
a mighty strength they carry .
i know they are in rome together looking for antony .
but all the charms of love , salt cleopatra , soften thy wanned lip !
let witchcraft join with beauty , lust with both .
tie up the libertine in a field of feasts , keep his brain fuming .
this is most certain that i shall deliver : mark antony is every hour in rome expected .
since he went from egypt ’ tis a space for farther travel .
his soldiership is twice the other twain .
i can not hope caesar and antony shall well greet together .
i know not , menas , how lesser enmities may give way to greater .
be ’ t as our gods will have ’ t .
it only stands our lives upon to use our strongest hands .
i shall entreat him to answer like himself .
tis not a time for private stomaching .
but small to greater matters must give way .
not if the small come first .
here comes the noble antony .
were we before our armies , and to fight , i should do thus .
my being in egypt , caesar , what was ’ t to you ?
no more than my residing here at rome might be to you in egypt .
yet if you there did practice on my state , your being in egypt might be my question .
how intend you , “ practiced ” ?
you may be pleased to catch at mine intent by what did here befall me .
your wife and brother made wars upon me , and their contestation was theme for you .
you were the word of war .
you do mistake your business .
my brother never did urge me in his act .
of this my letters before did satisfy you .
you praise yourself by laying defects of judgment to me , but you patched up your excuses .
not so , not so .
as for my wife , i would you had her spirit in such another .
for that you must but say i could not help it .
i wrote to you when rioting in alexandria .
three kings i had newly feasted , and did want of what i was i ’ th ’ morning .
but next day i told him of myself , which was as much as to have asked him pardon .
let this fellow be nothing of our strife .
you have broken the article of your oath , which you shall never have tongue to charge me with .
no , lepidus , let him speak .
the honor is sacred which he talks on now , supposing that i lacked it.—but , on , caesar .
the article of my oath ?
to lend me arms and aid when i required them , the which you both denied .
neglected , rather , and then when poisoned hours had bound me up from mine own knowledge .
you shall have time to wrangle in when you have nothing else to do .
thou art a soldier only .
give me leave , caesar .
thou hast a sister by the mother ’ s side , admired octavia .
great mark antony is now a widower .
say not so , agrippa .
if cleopatra heard you , your reproof were well deserved of rashness .
i am not married , caesar .
let me hear agrippa further speak .
her love to both would each to other and all loves to both draw after her .
the power of caesar , and his power unto octavia .
may i never to this good purpose , that so fairly shows , dream of impediment !
there ’ s my hand .
a sister i bequeath you whom no brother did ever love so dearly .
let her live to join our kingdoms and our hearts , and never fly off our loves again !
time calls upon ’ s .
of us must pompey presently be sought , or else he seeks out us .
what is his strength by land ?
but by sea he is an absolute master .
let us , lepidus , not lack your company .
noble antony , not sickness should detain me .
we have cause to be glad that matters are so well digested .
you stayed well by ’ t in egypt .
eight wild boars roasted whole at a breakfast—and but twelve persons there !
this was but as a fly by an eagle .
we had much more monstrous matter of feast , which worthily deserved noting .
she ’ s a most triumphant lady , if report be square to her .
oh , rare for antony !
upon her landing , antony sent to her , invited her to supper .
she replied it should be better he became her guest , which she entreated .
now antony must leave her utterly .
age can not wither her , nor custom stale her infinite variety .
good enobarbus , make yourself my guest whilst you abide here .
humbly , sir , i thank you .
all which time before the gods my knee shall bow my prayers to them for you .
if you can , your reason ?
but yet hie you to egypt again .
say to me whose fortunes shall rise higher , caesar ’ s or mine ?
therefore , o antony , stay not by his side .
but near him thy angel becomes afeard , as being o ’ erpowered .
therefore make space enough between you .
to none but thee , no more but when to thee .
thy luster thickens when he shines by .
and though i make this marriage for my peace , i ’ th ’ east my pleasure lies .
your commission ’ s ready .
follow me and receive ’ t .
pray you , hasten your generals after .
sir , mark antony will e ’ en but kiss octavia , and we ’ ll follow .
till i shall see you in your soldiers ’ dress , which will become you both , farewell .
my purposes do draw me much about .
you ’ ll win two days upon me .
music , moody food of us that trade in love .
let ’ s to billiards .
as well as i can , madam .
i ’ ll none now .
we ’ ll to th ’ river .
there , my music playing far off , i will betray tawny-finned fishes .
ram thou thy fruitful tidings in mine ears , that long time have been barren .
madam , madam— antonio ’ s dead !
if thou say so , villain , thou kill ’ st thy mistress .
first , madam , he is well .
why , there ’ s more gold .
but , sirrah , mark , we use to say the dead are well .
bring it to that , the gold i give thee will i melt and pour down thy ill-uttering throat .
good madam , hear me .
well , go to , i will .
i am the duke that loved your father .
support him by the arm .
give me your hand , and let me all your fortunes understand .
sir , sir , that can not be .
but look to it : find out thy brother , wheresoe'er he is .
oh , that your highness knew my heart in this : i never loved my brother in my life .
do this expediently , and turn him going .
hang there , my verse , in witness of my love .
and how like you this shepherd ’ s life , master touchstone ?
hast any philosophy in thee , shepherd ?
such a one is a natural philosopher .
wast ever in court , shepherd ?
thou art in a parlous state , shepherd .
not a whit , touchstone .
you told me you salute not at the court but you kiss your hands .
that courtesy would be uncleanly if courtiers were shepherds .
why , we are still handling our ewes , and their fells , you know , are greasy .
why , do not your courtier ’ s hands sweat ?
and is not the grease of a mutton as wholesome as the sweat of a man ?
a better instance , i say .
besides , our hands are hard .
your lips will feel them the sooner .
thou worms ' meat in respect of a good piece of flesh , indeed .
mend the instance , shepherd .
you have too courtly a wit for me .
good morrow to your worship .
can you tell if rosalind , the duke ’ s daughter , be banished with her father ?
where will the old duke live ?
god help thee , shallow man .
god make incision in thee ; thou art raw .
here comes young master ganymede , my new mistress ’ s brother .
no jewel is like rosalind .
her worth being mounted on the wind , through all the world bears rosalind .
all the pictures fairest lined are but black to rosalind .
let no fair be kept in mind but the fair of rosalind .
i ’ ll rhyme you so eight years together , dinners and suppers and sleeping hours excepted .
it is the right butter-women ’ s rank to market .
for a taste : if a hart do lack a hind , let him seek out rosalind .
if the cat will after kind , so , be sure , will rosalind .
winter garments must be lined , so must slender rosalind .
they that reap must sheaf and bind , then to cart with rosalind .
sweetest nut hath sourest rind ; such a nut is rosalind .
he that sweetest rose will find must find love ’ s prick , and rosalind .
this is the very false gallop of verses .
why do you infect yourself with them ?
peace , you dull fool .
i found them on a tree .
truly , the tree yields bad fruit .
you have said , but whether wisely or no , let the forest judge .
therefore heaven nature charged that one body should be filled with all graces wide-enlarged .
heaven would that she these gifts should have and i to live and die her slave .
didst thou hear these verses ?
but didst thou hear without wondering how thy name should be hanged and carved upon these trees ?
and a chain , that you once wore , about his neck .
nay , but who is it ?
nay , i prithee now , with most petitionary vehemence , tell me who it is .
one inch of delay more is a south sea of discovery .
i prithee , tell me who is it quickly , and speak apace .
i prithee take the cork out of thy mouth , that i may drink thy tidings .
so you may put a man in your belly .
is he of god ’ s making ?
is his head worth a hat or his chin worth a beard ?
nay , he hath but a little beard .
why , god will send more , if the man will be thankful .
let me stay the growth of his beard , if thou delay me not the knowledge of his chin .
nay , but the devil take mocking .
i ' faith , coz , ’ tis he .
what did he when thou saw ’ st him ?
did he ask for me ?
how parted he with thee ?
and when shalt thou see him again ?
answer me in one word .
but doth he know that i am in this forest and in man ’ s apparel ?
looks he as freshly as he did the day he wrestled ?
but take a taste of my finding him , and relish it with good observance .
i found him under a tree like a dropped acorn .
it may well be called jove ’ s tree when it drops forth such fruit .
give me audience , good madam .
there lay he , stretched along like a wounded knight .
though it be pity to see such a sight , it well becomes the ground .
cry “ holla ” to thy tongue , i prithee .
he was furnished like a hunter .
he comes to kill my heart .
i would sing my song without a burden .
thou bring ’ st me out of tune .
do you not know i am a woman ?
when i think , i must speak .
soft , comes he not here ?
and so had i , but yet , for fashion sake , i thank you too for your society .
god be wi ' you .
let ’ s meet as little as we can .
i do desire we may be better strangers .
i pray you mar no more trees with writing love songs in their barks .
i pray you mar no more of my verses with reading them ill- favoredly .
rosalind is your love ’ s name ?
i do not like her name .
what stature is she of ?
just as high as my heart .
you are full of pretty answers .
the worst fault you have is to be in love .
tis a fault i will not change for your best virtue .
i am weary of you .
there i shall see mine own figure .
which i take to be either a fool or a cipher .
i ’ ll tarry no longer with you .
farewell , good signior love .
i am glad of your departure .
adieu , good monsieur melancholy .
you should ask me what time o ' day .
there ’ s no clock in the forest .
marry , do i , sir , and i came to acquaint you with a matter .
i had as lief thou didst break his neck as his finger .
and why not the swift foot of time ?
had not that been as proper ?
by no means , sir .
time travels in diverse paces with diverse persons .
i prithee , who doth he trot withal ?
who doth he gallop withal ?
who stays it still withal ?
where dwell you , pretty youth ?
are you native of this place ?
as the cony that you see dwell where she is kindled .
your accent is something finer than you could purchase in so removed a dwelling .
i have been told so of many .
can you remember any of the principal evils that he laid to the charge of women ?
i prithee , recount some of them .
no , i will not cast away my physic but on those that are sick .
i am he that is so love-shaked .
i pray you tell me your remedy .
there is none of my uncle ’ s marks upon you .
but you are no such man .
you are rather point-device in your accouterments , as loving yourself than seeming the lover of any other .
fair youth , i would i could make thee believe i love .
but are you so much in love as your rhymes speak ?
neither rhyme nor reason can express how much .
yet i profess curing it by counsel .
did you ever cure any so ?
yes , one , and in this manner .
i would not be cured , youth .
now , by the faith of my love , i will .
tell me where it is .
with all my heart , good youth .
nay , you must call me rosalind.—come , sister , will you go ?
come apace , good audrey .
i will fetch up your goats , audrey .
doth my simple feature content you ?
your features , lord warrant us !
truly , i would the gods had made thee poetical .
i do not know what “ poetical ” is .
is it honest in deed and word ?
is it a true thing ?
do you wish then that the gods had made me poetical ?
i do , truly , for thou swear ’ st to me thou art honest .
now , if thou wert a poet , i might have some hope thou didst feign .
would you not have me honest ?
well , i am not fair , and therefore i pray the gods make me honest .
i am not a slut , though i thank the gods i am foul .
well , praised be the gods for thy foulness ; sluttishness may come hereafter .
well , that is the dowry of his wife ; ’ tis none of his own getting .
the noblest deer hath them as huge as the rascal .
is the single man therefore blessed ?
here comes sir oliver.—sir oliver martext , you are well met .
will you dispatch us here under this tree , or shall we go with you to your chapel ?
is there none here to give the woman ?
i will not take her on gift of any man .
truly , she must be given , or the marriage is not lawful .
how do you , sir ?
you are very well met .
god 'ild you for your last company .
i am very glad to see you .
even a toy in hand here , sir .
nay , pray be covered .
will you be married , motley ?
and will you , being a man of your breeding , be married under a bush like a beggar ?
get you to church , and have a good priest that can tell you what marriage is .
then one of you will prove a shrunk panel and , like green timber , warp , warp .
go thou with me , and let me counsel thee .
ne'er a fantastical knave of them all shall flout me out of my calling .
do , i prithee , but yet have the grace to consider that tears do not become a man .
but have i not cause to weep ?
as good cause as one would desire .
and his kissing is as full of sanctity as the touch of holy bread .
i am heartily glad i came hither to you .
if he come tomorrow , i ’ ll give him his payment .
if ever he go alone again , i ’ ll never wrestle for prize more .
but it shall not be so long ; this wrestler shall clear all .
you have heard him swear downright he was .
he attends here in the forest on the duke your father .
i met the duke yesterday and had much question with him .
so he laughed and let me go .
but what talk we of fathers when there is such a man as orlando ?
oh , that ’ s a brave man .
the sight of lovers feedeth those in love .
sweet phoebe , do not scorn me .
say that you love me not , but say not so in bitterness .
now show the wound mine eye hath made in thee .
but now mine eyes , which i have darted at thee , hurt thee not .
nor , i am sure , there is no force in eyes that can do hurt .
but till that time come not thou near me .
but , mistress , know yourself .
cry the man mercy , love him , take his offer .
so take her to thee , shepherd .
besides , i like you not .
will you go , sister ? —shepherd , ply her hard .
come , sister.—shepherdess , look on him better , and be not proud .
though all the world could see , none could be so abused in sight as he .
sweet phoebe , pity me .
why , i am sorry for thee , gentle silvius .
why , that were covetousness .
but do not look for further recompense than thine own gladness that thou art employed .
know ’ st thou the youth that spoke to me erewhile ?
think not i love him , though i ask for him .
tis but a peevish boy—yet he talks well— but what care i for words ?
yet words do well when he that speaks them pleases those that hear .
it is a pretty youth—not very pretty— but sure he ’ s proud—and yet his pride becomes him .
he ’ ll make a proper man .
he is not very tall—yet for his years he ’ s tall .
his leg is but so-so—and yet ’ tis well .
for what had he to do to chide at me ?
i marvel why i answered not again .
but that ’ s all one : omittance is no quittance .
i ’ ll write to him a very taunting letter , and thou shalt bear it .
phoebe , with all my heart .
i will be bitter with him and passing short .
go with me , silvius .
i prithee , pretty youth , let me be better acquainted with thee .
they say you are a melancholy fellow .
i do love it better than laughing .
why , ’ tis good to be sad and say nothing .
why then , ’ tis good to be a post .
by my faith , you have great reason to be sad .
i fear you have sold your own lands to see other men ’ s .
then to have seen much and to have nothing is to have rich eyes and poor hands .
yes , i have gained my experience .
and your experience makes you sad .
good day and happiness , dear rosalind .
my fair rosalind , i come within an hour of my promise .
i pray thee , rosalind , sweet my coz , be merry .
herein i see thou lov ’ st me not with the full weight that i love thee .
well , i will forget the condition of my estate to rejoice in yours .
by mine honor i will , and when i break that oath , let me turn monster .
therefore , my sweet rose , my dear rose , be merry .
from henceforth i will , coz , and devise sports .
let me see—what think you of falling in love ?
break an hour ’ s promise in love ?
pardon me , dear rosalind .
nay , an you be so tardy , come no more in my sight .
i had as lief be wooed of a snail .
besides , he brings his destiny with him .
why , horns , which such as you are fain to be beholding to your wives for .
but he comes armed in his fortune and prevents the slander of his wife .
virtue is no hornmaker , and my rosalind is virtuous .
and i am your rosalind .
rosalind of a better leer than you .
what would you say to me now , an i were your very , very rosalind ?
i would kiss before i spoke .
how if the kiss be denied ?
who could be out , being before his beloved mistress ?
am not i your rosalind ?
i take some joy to say you are because i would be talking of her .
no , faith , die by attorney .
then love me , rosalind .
yes , faith , will i , fridays and saturdays and all .
and wilt thou have me ?
ay , and twenty such .
pray thee , marry us .
why , now , as fast as she can marry us .
i might ask you for your commission , but i do take thee , orlando , for my husband .
now tell me how long you would have her after you have possessed her .
i will laugh like a hyena , and that when thou art inclined to sleep .
but will my rosalind do so ?
oh , but she is wise .
or else she could not have the wit to do this .
the wiser , the waywarder .
make the doors upon a woman ’ s wit , and it will out at the casement .
shut that , and ’ twill out at the keyhole .
stop that , ’ twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney .
you shall never take her without her answer unless you take her without her tongue .
for these two hours , rosalind , i will leave thee .
i must attend the duke at dinner .
by two o'clock i will be with thee again .
ay , go your ways , go your ways .
i knew what you would prove .
my friends told me as much , and i thought no less .
tis but one cast away , and so , come , death .
two o'clock is your hour ?
therefore beware my censure , and keep your promise .
with no less religion than if thou wert indeed my rosalind .
well , time is the old justice that examines all such offenders , and let time try .
you have simply misused our sex in your love-prate .
or rather bottomless , that as fast as you pour affection in , it runs out .
i ’ ll tell thee , aliena , i can not be out of the sight of orlando .
i ’ ll go find a shadow and sigh till he come .
and i ’ ll sleep .
which is he that killed the deer ?
tis no matter how it be in tune , so it make noise enough .
is it not past two o'clock ?
no , i protest , i know not the contents .
what shall be our sport , then ?
when nature hath made a fair creature , may she not by fortune fall into the fire ?
come , come , you are a fool , and turned into the extremity of love .
i say she never did invent this letter .
this is a man ’ s invention , and his hand .
why , she defies me like turk to christian .
will you hear the letter ?
mark how the tyrant writes .
that a maiden ’ s heart hath burned ?
why , thy godhead laid apart , warr ’ st thou with a woman ’ s heart ?
it is no boast , being asked , to say we are .
i pray you , tell it .
this seen , orlando did approach the man and found it was his brother , his elder brother .
but to orlando : did he leave him there , food to the sucked and hungry lioness ?
was ’ t you he rescued ?
was ’ t you that did so oft contrive to kill him ?
but for the bloody napkin ?
many will swoon when they do look on blood .
there is more in it.—cousin ganymede .
i would i were at home .
we ’ ll lead you thither .
i pray you , will you take him by the arm ?
be of good cheer , youth .
you lack a man ’ s heart .
i do so , i confess it .
ah , sirrah , a body would think this was well-counterfeited .
i pray you tell your brother how well i counterfeited .
there is too great testimony in your complexion that it was a passion of earnest .
counterfeit , i assure you .
well then , take a good heart and counterfeit to be a man .
but i ' faith , i should have been a woman by right .
come , you look paler and paler .
that will i , for i must bear answer back how you excuse my brother , rosalind .
but i pray you commend my counterfeiting to him .
we shall find a time , audrey .
faith , the priest was good enough , for all the old gentleman ’ s saying .
a most wicked sir oliver , audrey , a most vile martext .
but , audrey , there is a youth here in the forest lays claim to you .
here comes the man you mean .
it is meat and drink to me to see a clown .
how old are you , friend ?
wast born i ' th ' forest here ?
ay , sir , i thank god .
thank god. ” a good answer .
faith , sir , so-so .
so-so ” is good , very good , very excellent good .
and yet it is not : it is but so-so .
ay , sir , i have a pretty wit .
why , thou sayst well .
then learn this of me : to have is to have .
he , sir , that must marry this woman .
i will deal in poison with thee , or in bastinado , or in steel .
i will bandy with thee in faction .
i will kill thee a hundred and fifty ways .
god rest you merry , sir .
our master and mistress seeks you .
trip , audrey , trip , audrey.—i attend , i attend .
mistress , you must come away to your father .
were you made the messenger ?
how prove you that in the great heap of your knowledge ?
ay , marry , now unmuzzle your wisdom .
stand you both forth now : stroke your chins and swear by your beards that i am a knave .
by our beards ( if we had them ) , thou art .
by my knavery ( if i had it ) , then i were .
is ’ t possible that on so little acquaintance you should like her ?
let your wedding be tomorrow .
thither will i invite the duke and all ’ s contented followers .
go you and prepare aliena , for look you , here comes my rosalind .
and you , fair sister .
o my dear orlando , how it grieves me to see thee wear thy heart in a scarf .
i thought thy heart had been wounded with the claws of a lion .
they are in the very wrath of love , and they will together .
clubs can not part them .
they shall be married tomorrow , and i will bid the duke to the nuptial .
but oh , how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man ’ s eyes .
why , then , tomorrow i can not serve your turn for rosalind ?
i can live no longer by thinking .
i will weary you then no longer with idle talking .
believe then , if you please , that i can do strange things .
speak ’ st thou in sober meanings ?
by my life i do , which i tender dearly , though i say i am a magician .
look , here comes a lover of mine and a lover of hers .
i care not if i have .
you are there followed by a faithful shepherd .
good shepherd , tell this youth what ’ tis to love .
it is to be all made of sighs and tears , and so am i for phoebe .
and i for no woman .
it is to be all made of faith and service , and so am i for phoebe .
and i for no woman .
and so am i for rosalind .
and so am i for no woman .
if this be so , why blame you me to love you ?
if this be so , why blame you me to love you ?
if this be so , why blame you me to love you ?
why do you speak , too , “ why blame you me to love you ? ” ?
to her that is not here , nor doth not hear .
pray you , no more of this .
tis like the howling of irish wolves against the moon .
i ’ ll not fail , if i live .
tomorrow is the joyful day , audrey .
tomorrow will we be married .
here comes two of the banished duke ’ s pages .
well met , honest gentleman .
by my troth , well met .
come , sit , sit , and a song .
sit i ' th ' middle .
i ' faith , i ' faith , and both in a tune like two gypsies on a horse .
dost thou believe , orlando , that the boy can do all this that he hath promisèd ?
that would i , had i kingdoms to give with her .
that would i , were i of all kingdoms king .
that will i , should i die the hour after .
but if you do refuse to marry me , you ’ ll give yourself to this most faithful shepherd ?
though to have her and death were both one thing .
i have promised to make all this matter even .
keep your word , silvius , that you ’ ll marry her if she refuse me .
and from hence i go to make these doubts all even .
i do remember in this shepherd boy some lively touches of my daughter ’ s favor .
my lord , the first time that i ever saw him methought he was a brother to your daughter .
good my lord , bid him welcome .
this is the motley-minded gentleman that i have so often met in the forest .
he hath been a courtier , he swears .
if any man doubt that , let him put me to my purgation .
i have undone three tailors .
i have had four quarrels , and like to have fought one .
and how was that ta'en up ?
faith , we met and found the quarrel was upon the seventh cause .
how “ seventh cause ” ? —good my lord , like this fellow .
i like him very well .
prithee , who is ’ t that thou mean ’ st ?
one that old frederick , your father , loves .
my father ’ s love is enough to honor him .
speak no more of him ; you ’ ll be whipped for taxation one of these days .
the more pity that fools may not speak wisely what wise men do foolishly .
with his mouth full of news .
which he will put on us as pigeons feed their young .
then shall we be news-crammed .
we shall be the more marketable.—bonjour , monsieur le beau .
what ’ s the news ?
fair princess , you have lost much good sport .
god 'ild you , sir .
a poor virgin , sir , an ill-favored thing , sir , but mine own .
by my faith , he is very swift and sententious .
but for the seventh cause .
how did you find the quarrel on the seventh cause ?
he ’ s as good at anything and yet a fool .
he uses his folly like a stalking-horse , and under the presentation of that he shoots his wit .
then is there mirth in heaven when earthly things , made even , atone together .
good duke , receive thy daughter .
if there be truth in sight , you are my daughter .
if there be truth in sight , you are my rosalind .
if sight and shape be true , why then , my love adieu .
o my dear niece , welcome thou art to me , even daughter , welcome in no less degree .
let me have audience for a word or two .
i am the second son of old sir rowland , that bring these tidings to this fair assembly .
this to be true i do engage my life .
out of these convertites there is much matter to be heard and learned .
stay , jaques , stay .
to see no pastime i .
what you would have i ’ ll stay to know at your abandoned cave .
we ’ ll so begin these rites as we do trust they ’ ll end , in true delights .
how shall i answer you ?
as wit and fortune will .
you tell us the manner of the wrestling .
well , the beginning that is dead and buried .
there comes an old man and his three sons— i could match this beginning with an old tale .
three proper young men of excellent growth and presence .
so he served the second , and so the third .
but what is the sport , monsieur , that the ladies have lost ?
why , this that i speak of .
or i , i promise thee .
but is there any else longs to see this broken music in his sides ?
shall we see this wrestling , cousin ?
yonder sure they are coming .
let us now stay and see it .
since the youth will not be entreated , his own peril on his forwardness .
alas , he is too young .
how now , daughter and cousin ?
are you crept hither to see the wrestling ?
ay , my liege , so please you give us leave .
call him hither , good monsieur le beau .
yonder comes my master , your brother .
go apart , adam , and thou shalt hear how he will shake me up .
monsieur the challenger , the princess calls for you .
i attend them with all respect and duty .
young man , have you challenged charles the wrestler ?
he is the general challenger .
i come but in as others do , to try with him the strength of my youth .
young gentleman , your spirits are too bold for your years .
you have seen cruel proof of this man ’ s strength .
we pray you for your own sake to embrace your own safety and give over this attempt .
the little strength that i have , i would it were with you .
and mine , to eke out hers .
pray heaven i be deceived in you .
your heart ’ s desires be with you .
you shall try but one fall .
i would i were invisible , to catch the strong fellow by the leg .
if i had a thunderbolt in mine eye , i can tell who should down .
no more , no more .
how dost thou , charles ?
he can not speak , my lord .
what is thy name , young man ?
orlando , my liege , the youngest son of sir rowland de boys .
i would thou hadst been son to some man else .
the world esteemed thy father honorable , but i did find him still mine enemy .
i would thou hadst told me of another father .
were i my father , coz , would i do this ?
gentle cousin , let us go thank him and encourage him .
shall we go , coz ?
ay.—fare you well , fair gentleman .
will you go , coz ?
what passion hangs these weights upon my tongue ?
i can not speak to her , yet she urged conference .
or charles or something weaker masters thee .
good sir , i do in friendship counsel you to leave this place .
sir , fare you well .
hereafter , in a better world than this , i shall desire more love and knowledge of you .
i rest much bounden to you .
thus must i from the smoke into the smother , from tyrant duke unto a tyrant brother .
not one to throw at a dog .
no , thy words are too precious to be cast away upon curs .
throw some of them at me .
but is all this for your father ?
no , some of it is for my child ’ s father .
if we walk not in the trodden paths our very petticoats will catch them .
i would try , if i could cry “ hem ” and have him .
come , come , wrestle with thy affections .
oh , they take the part of a better wrestler than myself .
oh , a good wish upon you .
the duke my father loved his father dearly .
doth it therefore ensue that you should love his son dearly ?
by this kind of chase i should hate him , for my father hated his father dearly .
yet i hate not orlando .
no , faith , hate him not , for my sake .
doth he not deserve well ?
let me love him for that , and do you love him because i do .
look , here comes the duke .
with his eyes full of anger .
mistress , dispatch you with your safest haste , and get you from our court .
i do beseech your grace , let me the knowledge of my fault bear with me .
if their purgation did consist in words , they are as innocent as grace itself .
let it suffice thee that i trust thee not .
thou art thy father ’ s daughter .
so was i when your highness took his dukedom .
so was i when your highness banished him .
my father was no traitor .
then , good my liege , mistake me not so much to think my poverty is treacherous .
dear sovereign , hear me speak .
ay , celia , we stayed her for your sake .
i was too young that time to value her , but now i know her .
if she be a traitor , why so am i .
then open not thy lips .
firm and irrevocable is my doom which i have passed upon her .
pronounce that sentence then on me , my liege .
i can not live out of her company .
you are a fool.—you , niece , provide yourself .
if you outstay the time , upon mine honor and in the greatness of my word , you die .
o my poor rosalind , whither wilt thou go ?
i will give thee mine .
i charge thee , be not thou more grieved than i am .
now , sir , what make you here ?
i am not taught to make anything .
what mar you then , sir ?
marry , sir , be better employed , and be naught awhile .
shall i keep your hogs and eat husks with them ?
know you where you are , sir ?
o sir , very well : here in your orchard .
know you before whom , sir ?
ay , better than him i am before knows me .
thou hast not , cousin .
know ’ st thou not the duke hath banished me , his daughter ?
rosalind lacks then the love which teacheth thee that thou and i am one .
shall we part , sweet girl ?
why , whither shall we go ?
to seek my uncle in the forest of arden .
beauty provoketh thieves sooner than gold .
i ’ ll put myself in poor and mean attire and with a kind of umber smirch my face .
what shall i call thee when thou art a man ?
but what will you be called ?
would he not be a comfort to our travel ?
leave me alone to woo him .
now go we in content to liberty , and not to banishment .
are not these woods more free from peril than the envious court ?
i would not change it .
come , shall we go and kill us venison ?
and did you leave him in this contemplation ?
we did , my lord , weeping and commenting upon the sobbing deer .
i love to cope him in these sullen fits , for then he ’ s full of matter .
i ’ ll bring you to him straight .
can it be possible that no man saw them ?
some villains of my court are of consent and sufferance in this .
i can not hear of any that did see her .
if he be absent , bring his brother to me .
i ’ ll make him find him .
do this suddenly , and let not search and inquisition quail to bring again these foolish runaways .
why , what make you here ?
why do people love you ?
and wherefore are you gentle , strong , and valiant ?
why would you be so fond to overcome the bonny prizer of the humorous duke ?
your praise is come too swiftly home before you .
know you not , master , to some kind of men their graces serve them but as enemies ?
oh , what a world is this when what is comely envenoms him that bears it !
why , what ’ s the matter ?
within this roof the enemy of all your graces lives .
if he fail of that , he will have other means to cut you off .
i overheard him and his practices .
this is no place , this house is but a butchery .
abhor it , fear it , do not enter it .
why , whither , adam , wouldst thou have me go ?
no matter whither , so you come not here .
yet this i will not do , do how i can .
i rather will subject me to the malice of a diverted blood and bloody brother .
let me be your servant .
therefore my age is as a lusty winter , frosty but kindly .
let me go with you .
i ’ ll do the service of a younger man in all your business and necessities .
master , go on , and i will follow thee to the last gasp , with truth and loyalty .
from seventeen years till now almost fourscore here livèd i , but now live here no more .
at seventeen years , many their fortunes seek , but at fourscore , it is too late a week .
yet fortune can not recompense me better than to die well , and not my master ’ s debtor .
o jupiter , how weary are my spirits !
i care not for my spirits , if my legs were not weary .
i can not go no further .
for my part , i had rather bear with you than bear you .
ay , now am i in arden , the more fool i .
ay , be so , good touchstone .
look you who comes here , a young man and an old in solemn talk .
wilt thou lay hands on me , villain ?
thou hast railed on thyself .
sweet masters , be patient .
for your father ’ s remembrance , be at accord .
let me go , i say .
i will not till i please .
my father charged you in his will to give me good education .
you have trained me like a peasant , obscuring and hiding from me all gentlemanlike qualities .
the spirit of my father grows strong in me , and i will no longer endure it .
and what wilt thou do—beg when that is spent ?
well , sir , get you in .
i will not long be troubled with you .
you shall have some part of your will .
i pray you leave me .
that is the way to make her scorn you still .
o corin , that thou knew ’ st how i do love her !
i partly guess , for i have loved ere now .
into a thousand that i have forgotten .
oh , thou didst then ne'er love so heartily .
o phoebe , phoebe , phoebe !
alas , poor shepherd , searching of thy wound , i have by hard adventure found mine own .
but as all is mortal in nature , so is all nature in love mortal in folly .
thou speak ’ st wiser than thou art ware of .
nay , i shall ne'er be ware of mine own wit till i break my shins against it .
jove , jove , this shepherd ’ s passion is much upon my fashion .
and mine , but it grows something stale with me .
he ’ s not thy kinsman .
but i am shepherd to another man and do not shear the fleeces that i graze .
what is he that shall buy his flock and pasture ?
that young swain that you saw here but erewhile , that little cares for buying anything .
and we will mend thy wages .
assuredly the thing is to be sold .
more , more , i prithee , more .
it will make you melancholy , monsieur jaques .
more , i prithee , more .
i can suck melancholy out of a song as a weasel sucks eggs .
more , i prithee , more .
i know i can not please you .
come , more , another stanzo .
nay , i care not for their names .
well then , if ever i thank any man , i ’ ll thank you .
but that they call “ compliment ” is like th ' encounter of two dog- apes .
and i have been all this day to avoid him .
he is too disputable for my company .
come , warble , come .
i ’ ll give you a verse to this note that i made yesterday in despite of my invention .
dear master , i can go no further .
oh , i die for food .
here lie i down and measure out my grave .
why , how now , adam ?
no greater heart in thee ?
live a little , comfort a little , cheer thyself a little .
thy conceit is nearer death than thy powers .
but if thou diest before i come , thou art a mocker of my labor .
thou look ’ st cheerly , and i ’ ll be with thee quickly .
yet thou liest in the bleak air .
i think he be transformed into a beast , for i can nowhere find him like a man .
my lord , he is but even now gone hence .
here was he merry , hearing of a song .
if he , compact of jars , grow musical , we shall have shortly discord in the spheres .
tell him i would speak with him .
he saves my labor by his own approach .
why , how now , monsieur ?
what a life is this that your poor friends must woo your company ?
what , you look merrily .
thus we may see , ” quoth he , “ how the world wags .
tis but an hour ago since it was nine , and after one hour more ’ twill be eleven .
motley ’ s the only wear .
oh , that i were a fool !
god be with my old master .
he would not have spoke such a word .
begin you to grow upon me ?
i will physic your rankness and yet give no thousand crowns neither.—holla , dennis !
was not charles , the duke ’ s wrestler , here to speak with me ?
so please you , he is here at the door and importunes access to you .
twill be a good way , and tomorrow the wrestling is .
and they that are most gallèd with my folly , they most must laugh .
and why , sir , must they so ?
invest me in my motley .
i can tell what thou wouldst do .
what , for a counter , would i do but good ?
forbear , and eat no more .
why , i have eat none yet .
nor shalt not till necessity be served .
of what kind should this cock come of ?
you touched my vein at first .
but forbear , i say .
an you will not be answered with reason , i must die .
your gentleness shall force more than your force move us to gentleness .
i almost die for food , and let me have it .
sit down and feed , and welcome to our table .
pardon me , i pray you .
there is an old poor man who after me hath many a weary step limped in pure love .
i thank you ; and be blessed for your good comfort .
thou seest we are not all alone unhappy .
all the world ’ s a stage , and all the men and women merely players .
at first the infant , mewling and puking in the nurse ’ s arms .
then the whining schoolboy with his satchel and shining morning face , creeping like snail unwillingly to school .
set down your venerable burden , and let him feed .
i thank you most for him .
def combine ( targetfile ) :
target = open ( targetfile , ' a ' , encoding= '' utf-8 '' )
for root , dirs , files in os.walk ( cwd ) :
if os.path.splitext ( file ) [ 1 ] ! ='.txt ' :
f = open ( file , ' r ' , encoding= '' utf-8 '' )
if len ( line ) > 4 :
# filename = sys.argv [ 1 ]
# add_period ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_footnote ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_bracket ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_digits ( filename , targetfile )
# remove_brace ( filename , targetfile )
if __name__ == `` __main__ '' :
main ( ) as if time were in debt .
how fondly dost thou reason !
bear it straight , and bring thy master home immediately .
sure , these are but imaginary wiles , and lapland sorcerers inhabit here .
master , here ’ s the gold you sent me for .
what adam dost thou mean ?
what , thou meanest an officer ?
is there any ships put forth tonight ?
some blessed power deliver us from hence !
well met , well met , master antipholus .
i see , sir , you have found the goldsmith now .
is that the chain you promised me today ?
i charge thee , tempt me not .
master , is this mistress satan ?
light is an effect of fire , and fire will burn : ergo , light wenches will burn .
your man and you are marvelous merry , sir .
will you go with me ?
we ’ ll mend our dinner here .
master , if you do , expect spoon meat ; or bespeak a long spoon .
i pray you , sir , my ring or else the chain .
i hope you do not mean to cheat me so .
avaunt , thou witch ! —come , dromio , let us go .
mistress , that you know .
now , out of doubt antipholus is mad ; else would he never so demean himself .
a ring he hath of mine worth forty ducats , and for the same he promised me a chain .
both one and other he denies me now .
belike his wife , acquainted with his fits , on purpose shut the doors against his way .
this course i fittest choose , for forty ducats is too much to lose .
therefore , merchant , i ’ ll limit thee this day to seek thy life by beneficial help .
i will , my lord .
fear me not , man .
i tell you , ’ twill sound harshly in her ears .
i think he brings the money .
have you that i sent you for ?
here ’ s that , i warrant you , will pay them all .
but where ’ s the money ?
why , sir , i gave the money for the rope .
i ’ ll serve you , sir , five hundred at the rate .
to what end did i bid thee hie thee home ?
to a rope ’ s end , sir , and to that end am i returned .
and to that end , sir , i will welcome you .
good sir , be patient .
good now , hold thy tongue .
nay , rather persuade him to hold his hands .
i would i were senseless , sir , that i might not feel your blows .
thou art sensible in nothing but blows , and so is an ass .
my wife is coming yonder .
mistress , wilt thou still talk ?
is not your husband mad ?
mark how he trembles in his ecstasy .
i conjure thee by all the saints in heaven .
peace , doting wizard , peace .
o , that thou wert not , poor distressèd soul !
you minion , you , are these your customers ?
thou villain , what sayest thou ?
sir , sooth to say , you did not dine at home .
were not my doors locked up and i shut out ?
perdie , your doors were locked , and you shut out .
and did not she herself revile me there ?
sans fable , she herself reviled you there .
did not her kitchen maid rail , taunt , and scorn me ?
and did not i in rage depart from thence ?
in verity you did.—my bones bear witness , that since have felt the vigour of his rage .
alas , i sent you money to redeem you by dromio here , who came in haste for it .
went ’ st not thou to her for a purse of ducats ?
he came to me , and i delivered it .
and i am witness with her that she did .
god and the rope-maker bear me witness that i was sent for nothing but a rope .
mistress , both man and master is possessed .
i know it by their pale and deadly looks .
they must be bound and laid in some dark room .
i did not , gentle husband , lock thee forth .
and , gentle master , i received no gold .
but i confess , sir , that we were locked out .
let him not come near me .
the fiend is strong within him .
what , will you murder me ? —thou jailer , thou , i am thy prisoner .
wilt thou suffer them to make a rescue ?
masters , let him go .
he is my prisoner , and you shall not have him .
go , bind this man , for he is frantic too .
if i let him go , the debt he owes will be required of me .
i will discharge thee ere i go from thee .
master , i am here entered in bond for you .
how idly do they talk !
one angelo , a goldsmith .
say , how grows it due ?
due for a chain your husband had of him .
he did bespeak a chain for me but had it not .
i long to know the truth hereof at large .
god for thy mercy , they are loose again !
and come with naked swords .
let ’ s call more help to have them bound again .
they ’ ll kill us .
i see these witches are afraid of swords .
she that would be your wife now ran from you .
i long that we were safe and sound aboard .
faith , stay here this night .
they will surely do us no harm .
you saw they speak us fair , give us gold .
methinks they are such a gentle nation that , but for the mountain of mad flesh
i will not stay tonight for all the town .
therefore away , to get our stuff aboard .
how is the man esteemed here in the city ?
his word might bear my wealth at any time .
tis so ; and that self chain about his neck which he forswore most monstrously to have .
good sir , draw near to me .
therefore give out you are of epidamnum , lest that your goods too soon be confiscate .
there is your money that i had to keep .
within this hour it will be dinnertime .
many a man would take you at your word and go indeed , having so good a mean .
i never did deny it .
yes , that you did , sir , and forswore it too .
who heard me to deny it or forswear it ?
these ears of mine , thou know ’ st did hear thee .
fie on thee , wretch .
tis pity that thou liv ’ st to walk where any honest men resort .
thou art a villain to impeach me thus .
i ’ ll prove mine honor and mine honesty against thee presently if thou dar ’ st stand .
i dare , and do defy thee for a villain .
run , master , run .
for god ’ s sake , take a house .
in , or we are spoiled .
to fetch my poor distracted husband hence .
let us come in , that we may bind him fast and bear him home for his recovery .
how long hath this possession held the man ?
this week he hath been heavy , sour , sad , and much different from the man he was .
but till this afternoon his passion ne'er brake into extremity of rage .
which of these sorrows is he subject to ?
you should for that have reprehended him .
why , so i did .
ay , but not rough enough .
ay , but not enough .
alone , it was the subject of my theme ; in company i often glancèd it .
still did i tell him it was vile and bad .
and thereof came it that the man was mad .
the venom clamors of a jealous woman poisons more deadly than a mad dog ’ s tooth .
thou sayst his meat was sauced with thy upbraidings .
thou sayest his sports were hinderd by thy brawls .
in food , in sport , and life-preserving rest to be disturbed , would mad or man or beast .
the consequence is , then , thy jealous fits have scared thy husband from the use of wits .
good people , enter and lay hold on him .
then let your servants bring my husband forth .
it is a branch and parcel of mine oath , a charitable duty of my order .
therefore depart and leave him here with me .
thou shalt not have him .
complain unto the duke of this indignity .
by this , i think , the dial points at five .
we will behold his death .
kneel to the duke before he pass the abbey .
justice , most sacred duke , against the abbess .
she is a virtuous and a reverend lady .
it can not be that she hath done thee wrong .
therefore , most gracious duke , with thy command let him be brought forth and borne hence for help .
thy master and his man are here , and that is false thou dost report to us .
mistress , upon my life i tell you true .
i have not breathed almost since i did see it .
ay me , it is my husband .
witness you that he is borne about invisible .
even for the blood that then i lost for thee , now grant me justice .
beyond imagination is the wrong that she this day hath shameless thrown on me .
a grievous fault.—say , woman , didst thou so ?
no , my good lord .
myself , he , and my sister today did dine together .
so befall my soul as this is false he burdens me withal .
ne'er may i look on day , nor sleep on night but she tells to your highness simple truth .
our dinner done and he not coming thither , i went to seek him .
in the street i met him , and in his company that gentleman .
by th ' way we met my wife , her sister , and a rabble more of vile confederates .
but had he such a chain of thee or no ?
i never saw the chain , so help me heaven , and this is false you burden me withal .
why , what an intricate impeach is this !
my present business calls me from you now .
i will go lose myself and wander up and down to view the city .
sir , i commend you to your own content .
he that commends me to mine own content commends me to the thing i can not get .
how chance thou art returned so soon ?
rather approach ’ d too late !
you say he dined at home ; the goldsmith here denies that saying .
sir , he dined with her there , at the porpentine .
he did , and from my finger snatched that ring .
tis true , my liege ; this ring i had of her .
saw ’ st thou him enter at the abbey here ?
as sure , my liege , as i do see your grace .
i think you are all mated or stark mad .
most mighty duke , vouchsafe me speak a word .
haply i see a friend will save my life and pay the sum that may deliver me .
now am i dromio , and his man , unbound .
i am sure you both of you remember me .
you are not pinch ’ s patient , are you , sir ?
why look you strange on me ?
i never saw you in my life till now .
but tell me yet , dost thou not know my voice ?
no , trust me , sir , nor i. i am sure thou dost .
all these old witnesses—i can not err— tell me thou art my son antipholus .
i never saw my father in my life .
but seven years since , in syracusa , boy , thou know ’ st we parted .
i see thy age and dangers make thee dote .
most mighty duke , behold a man much wronged .
i see two husbands , or mine eyes deceive me .
i , sir , am dromio .
i , sir , am dromio .
please , let me stay .
o , my old master.—who hath bound him here ?
o , if thou be ’ st the same egeon , speak , and speak unto the same emilia .
if i dream not , thou art emilia .
if thou art she , tell me where is that son that floated with thee on the fatal raft ?
i know not which is which .
i came from corinth , my most gracious lord .
brought to this town by that most famous warrior duke menaphon , your most renownèd uncle .
which of you two did dine with me today ?
and are not you my husband ?
that is the chain , sir , which you had of me .
i think it be , sir .
and you , sir , for this chain arrested me .
i think i did , sir .
no , none by me .
this purse of ducats i received from you , and dromio my man did bring them me .
these ducats pawn i for my father here .
thy father hath his life .
sir , i must have that diamond from you .
there , take it ; and much thanks for my good cheer .
after so long grief , such nativity !
with all my heart i ’ ll gossip at this feast .
dromio , what stuff of mine hast thou embarked ?
your goods that lay at host , sir , in the centaur .
he speaks to me.—i am your master , dromio .
there is a fat friend at your master ’ s house that kitchened me for you today at dinner .
she now shall be my sister , not my wife .
will you walk in to see their gossiping ?
that ’ s a question .
how shall we try it ?
we ’ ll draw cuts for the signior .
till then , lead thou first .
stop in your wind , sir .
tell me this , i pray : where have you left the money that i gave you ?
the saddler had it , sir ; i kept it not .
i am not in a sportive humor now .
tell me , and dally not : where is the money ?
we being strangers here , how dar ’ st thou trust so great a charge from thine own custody ?
i pray you , jest , sir , as you sit at dinner .
methinks your maw , like mine , should be your clock , and strike you home without a messenger .
come , dromio , come , these jests are out of season .
reserve them till a merrier hour than this .
where is the gold i gave in charge to thee ?
why , you gave no gold to me !
my mistress and her sister stays for you .
where is the thousand marks thou hadst of me ?
what mistress , slave , hast thou ?
what , wilt thou flout me thus unto my face , being forbid ?
there , take you that , sir knave .
what mean you , sir ?
for god ’ s sake , hold your hands .
nay , an you will not , sir , i ’ ll take my heels .
upon my life , by some device or other the villain is o'erraught of all my money .
neither my husband nor the slave returned that in such haste i sent to seek his master ?
sure , luciana , it is two o'clock .
perhaps some merchant hath invited him , and from the mart he ’ s somewhere gone to dinner .
good sister , let us dine and never fret .
if so , be patient , sister .
why should their liberty than ours be more ?
because their business still lies out o ' door .
why , headstrong liberty is lashed with woe .
then let your will attend on their accords .
this servitude makes you to keep unwed .
not this , but troubles of the marriage bed .
but , were you wedded , you would bear some sway .
ere i learn love , i ’ ll practice to obey .
how if your husband start some otherwhere ?
till he come home again , i would forbear .
no marvel though she pause ; they can be meek that have no other cause .
well , i will marry one day , but to try .
say , is your tardy master now at hand ?
know ’ st thou his mind ?
but say , i prithee , is he coming home ?
it seems he hath great care to please his wife .
why , mistress , sure my master is horn mad .
horn mad , thou villain !
i mean not cuckold mad , but sure he is stark mad .
my mistress , sir , ” quoth i .
go back again , thou slave , and fetch him home .
go back again and be new beaten home ?
for god ’ s sake , send some other messenger .
back , slave , or i will break thy pate across .
you spurn me hence , and he will spurn me hither .
if i last in this service , you must case me in leather .
fie , how impatience loureth in your face .
his company must do his minions grace , whilst i at home starve for a merry look .
hath homely age th ' alluring beauty took from my poor cheek ?
my decayèd fair a sunny look of his would soon repair .
but , too unruly deer , he breaks the pale and feeds from home .
poor i am but his stale .
self-harming jealousy , fie , beat it hence .
i know his eye doth homage otherwhere , or else what lets it but he would be here ?
sister , you know he promised me a chain .
would that alone o ' love he would detain , so he would keep fair quarter with his bed .
i see the jewel best enamelèd will lose his beauty .
how many fond fools serve mad jealousy !
proceed , solinus , to procure my fall , and by the doom of death end woes and all .
see , here he comes .
is your merry humor altered ?
your mistress sent to have me home to dinner ?
my house was at the phoenix ?
wast thou mad , that thus so madly thou didst answer me ?
when spake i such a word ?
i am glad to see you in this merry vein .
i pray you , master , tell me ?
yea , dost thou jeer and flout me in the teeth ?
think ’ st thou i jest ?
hold , take thou that and that .
hold , sir , for god ’ s sake !
now your jest is earnest .
upon what bargain do you give it me ?
sconce ” call you it ?
shall i tell you why ?
well , sir , i thank you .
marry , sir , for this something that you gave me for nothing .
i ’ ll make you amends next , to give you nothing for something .
but say , sir , is it dinnertime ?
in good time , sir , what ’ s that ?
well , sir , then ’ twill be dry .
if it be , sir , i pray you , eat none of it .
lest it make you choleric and purchase me another dry basting .
well , sir , learn to jest in good time .
there ’ s a time for all things .
i durst have denied that before you were so choleric .
by what rule , sir ?
marry , sir , by a rule as plain as the plain bald pate of father time himself .
let ’ s hear it .
there ’ s no time for a man to recover his hair that grows bald by nature .
why is time such a niggard of hair , being , as it is , so plentiful an excrement ?
why , but there ’ s many a man hath more hair than wit .
why , thou didst conclude hairy men plain dealers without wit .
for two , and sound ones too .
nay , not sound , i pray you .
nay , not sure , in a thing falsing .
you would all this time have proved there is no time for all things .
ah , do not tear away thyself from me !
when were you wont to use my sister thus ?
she sent for you by dromio home to dinner .
did you converse , sir , with this gentlewoman ?
what is the course and drift of your compact ?
i never saw her till this time .
villain , thou liest ; for even her very words didst thou deliver to me on the mart .
i never spake with her in all my life .
what , was i married to her in my dream ?
or sleep i now and think i hear all this ?
what error drives our eyes and ears amiss ?
until i know this sure uncertainty i ’ ll entertain the offered fallacy .
dromio , go bid the servants spread for dinner .
o , for my beads !
i cross me for a sinner .
this is the fairy land .
why prat ’ st thou to thyself and answer ’ st not ?
dromio—thou , dromio—thou snail , thou slug , thou sot .
i am transformèd , master , am i not ?
come , sir , to dinner.—dromio , keep the gate .
husband , i ’ ll dine above with you today , and shrive you of a thousand idle pranks .
am i in earth , in heaven , or in hell ?
known unto these , and to myself disguised !
master , shall i be porter at the gate ?
ay ; and let none enter , lest i break your pate .
alas , too soon we came aboard .
good signior angelo , you must excuse us all ; my wife is shrewish when i keep not hours .
say what you will , sir , but i know what i know .
i think thou art an ass .
you ’ re sad , signior balthasar .
i hold your dainties cheap , sir , and your welcome dear .
good meat , sir , is common ; that every churl affords .
and welcome more common , for that ’ s nothing but words .
small cheer and great welcome makes a merry feast .
ay , to a niggardly host and more sparing guest .
but though my cates be mean , take them in good part .
better cheer may you have , but not with better heart .
my door is lock ’ d .
maud , bridget , marian , ciceley , gillian , ginn !
my master stays in the street .
ho , open the door .
i have not dined today .
what art thou that keep ’ st me out from the house i owe ?
o villain , thou hast stolen both mine office and my name !
o lord , i must laugh .
have at you with a proverb : shall i set in my staff ?
do you hear , you minion ?
you ’ ll let us in , i hope ?
so , come , help .
there was blow for blow .
thou baggage , let me in .
master , knock the door hard .
you ’ ll cry for this , minion , if i beat the door down .
are you there , wife ?
you might have come before .
if you went in pain , master , this knave would go sore .
in debating which was best , we shall part with neither .
you would say so , master , if your garments were thin .
your cake there is warm within ; you stand here in the cold .
it would make a man mad as a buck to be so bought and sold .
go , fetch me something : i ’ ll break ope the gate .
here ’ s too much “ out upon thee ! ” i pray thee , let me in .
well , i ’ ll break in .
go , borrow me a crow .
master , mean you so ?
fetch me an iron crow .
o , let it not be so .
i will depart in quiet and , in despite of mirth , mean to be merry .
i know a wench of excellent discourse , pretty and witty , wild and yet , too , gentle .
that chain will i bestow— be it for nothing but to spite my wife— upon mine hostess there .
i ’ ll meet you at that place some hour hence .
this jest shall cost me some expense .
shall , antipholus , even in the spring of love thy love-springs rot ?
what simple thief brags of his own attaint ?
tis double wrong to truant with your bed and let her read it in thy looks at board .
then , gentle brother , get you in again .
teach me , dear creature , how to think and speak .
against my soul ’ s pure truth why labour you to make it wander in an unknown field ?
would you create me new ?
transform me , then , and to your power i ’ ll yield .
far more , far more , to you do i decline .
what , are you mad that you do reason so ?
it is a fault that springeth from your eye .
for gazing on your beams , fair sun , being by .
why call you me “ love ” ?
thy sister ’ s sister .
that ’ s my sister .
all this my sister is , or else should be .
call thyself “ sister , ” sweet , for i am thee .
i ’ ll fetch my sister to get her goodwill .
why , how now , dromio .
where runn ’ st thou so fast ?
do you know me , sir ?
but ere they came , –o , let me say no more !
thou art dromio , thou art my man , thou art thyself .
i am an ass , i am a woman ’ s man , and besides myself .
what woman ’ s man ?
what claim lays she to thee ?
i warrant her rags and the
if she lives till doomsday , she ’ ll burn a week longer than the whole world .
what complexion is she of ?
swart like my shoe , but her face nothing like so clean kept .
that ’ s a fault that water will mend .
no , sir , ’ tis in grain ; noah ’ s flood could not do it .
what ’ s her name ?
then she bears some breadth ?
she is spherical , like a globe .
in what part of her body stands ireland ?
marry , sir , in her buttocks .
faith , i saw it not , but i felt it hot in her breath .
where america , the indies ?
an if the wind blow any way from shore , i will not harbor in this town tonight .
she that doth call me husband , even my soul doth for a wife abhor .
i know it well , sir .
lo , here ’ s the chain .
what is your will that i shall do with this ?
i have made it for you .
made it for me , sir ?
not once , nor twice , but twenty times you have .
you are a merry man , sir .
i ’ ll to the mart , and there for dromio stay .
if any ship put out , then straight away .
even just the sum that i do owe to you is growing to me by antipholus .
at five o'clock i shall receive the money for the same .
pleaseth you walk with me down to his house , i will discharge my bond and thank you too .
i am not furnished with the present money .
besides , i have some business in the town .
then you will bring the chain to her yourself .
well , sir , i will .
have you the chain about you ?
nay , come , i pray you , sir , give me the chain .
you use this dalliance to excuse your breach of promise to the porpentine .
i pray you , sir , dispatch .
you hear how he importunes me .
why , give it to my wife , and fetch your money .
you know i gave it you even now .
either send the chain , or send me by some token .
fie , now you run this humor out of breath .
come , where ’ s the chain ?
i pray you , let me see it .
what should i answer you ?
the money that you owe me for the chain .
i owe you none till i receive the chain .
you know i gave it you half an hour since .
you wrong me more , sir , in denying it .
consider how it stands upon my credit .
well , officer , arrest him at my suit .
i do , this touches me in reputation .
i would not spare my brother in this case if he should scorn me so apparently .
i do arrest you , sir .
i do obey thee till i give thee bail .
nay , forward , old man .
do not break off so , for we may pity though not pardon thee .
o , had the gods done so , i had not now worthily termed them merciless to us .
why , thou peevish sheep , what ship of epidamnum stays for me ?
a ship you sent me to , to hire waftage .
thou drunken slave , i sent thee for a rope and told thee to what purpose and what end .
you sent me for a rope ’ s end as soon .
you sent me to the bay , sir , for a bark .
i will debate this matter at more leisure and teach your ears to list me with more heed .
to adriana , villain , hie thee straight .
tell her i am arrested in the street , and that shall bail me .
begone.— on , officer , to prison till it come .
that is where we dined , where dowsabel did claim me for her husband .
she is too big , i hope , for me to compass .
thither i must , although against my will , for servants must their masters ' minds fulfill .
ah , luciana , did he tempt thee so ?
looked he or red or pale , or sad or merrily ?
first he denied you had in him no right .
he meant he did me none ; the more my spite .
then swore he that he was a stranger here .
then pleaded i for you .
that love i begged for you he begged of me .
with what persuasion did he tempt thy love ?
have patience , i beseech .
who would be jealous , then , of such a one ?
no evil lost is wailed when it is gone .
my heart prays for him , though my tongue do curse .
how hast thou lost thy breath ?
where is thy master , dromio ?
no , he ’ s in tartar limbo , worse than hell .
why , man , what is the matter ?
tell me at whose suit .
go fetch it , sister .
this i wonder at , that he , unknown to me , should be in debt .
do you not hear it ring ?
no , no , the bell .
tis time that i were gone .
it was two ere i left him , and now the clock strikes one .
that did i never hear .
not i , my lord .
then i would you were so honest a man .
to be honest , as this world goes , is to be one man picked out of ten thousand .
that ’ s very true , my lord .
i have , my lord .
let her not walk i ' th ' sun .
conception is a blessing , but , as your daughter may conceive—friend , look to ’ t .
words , words , words .
what is the matter , my lord ?
i mean , the matter that you read , my lord .
indeed , that is out of the air .
fare you well , my lord .
you go to seek the lord hamlet .
god save you , sir !
how dost thou , guildenstern ?
good lads , how do you both ?
happy , in that we are not overhappy .
on fortune ’ s cap we are not the very button .
then you live about her waist , or in the middle of her favors ?
faith , her privates we .
but your news is not true .
let me question more in particular .
denmark ’ s a prison .
then is the world one .
we think not so , my lord .
to me it is a prison .
why then , your ambition makes it one .
tis too narrow for your mind .
a dream itself is but a shadow .
then are our beggars bodies , and our monarchs and outstretched heroes the beggars ' shadows .
shall we to th ' court ?
is it your own inclining ?
what should we say , my lord ?
i know the good king and queen have sent for you .
to what end , my lord ?
that you must teach me .
my lord , we were sent for .
what might be toward , that this sweaty haste doth make the night joint laborer with the day ?
who is ’ t that can inform me ?
i will tell you why .
why did you laugh then , when i said “ man delights not me ” ?
he that plays the king shall be welcome .
even those you were wont to take delight in , the tragedians of the city .
how chances it they travel ?
their residence , both in reputation and profit , was better both ways .
i think their inhibition comes by the means of the late innovation .
do they hold the same estimation they did when i was in the city ?
no , indeed are they not .
nay , their endeavor keeps in the wonted pace .
what , are they children ?
will they pursue the quality no longer than they can sing ?
oh , there has been much throwing about of brains .
do the boys carry it away ?
it is not very strange .
sblood , there is something in this more than natural , if philosophy could find it out .
gentlemen , you are welcome to elsinore .
your hands , come then .
but my uncle-father and aunt-mother are deceived .
in what , my dear lord ?
i am but mad north-north-west .
when the wind is southerly , i know a hawk from a handsaw .
well be with you , gentlemen .
hark you , guildenstern , and you too—at each ear a hearer .
my lord , i have news to tell you .
my lord , i have news to tell you .
when roscius was an actor in rome— the actors are come hither , my lord .
upon my honor— then came each actor on his ass—
why , am i not i ' th ' right , old jephthah ?
if you call me jephthah , my lord , i have a daughter that i love passing well .
what follows , then , my lord ?
what speech , my good lord ?
one speech in it i chiefly loved .
it shall to the barber ’ s , with your beard.—prithee , say on .
moblèd queen ” is good .
my lord , i will use them according to their desert .
god ’ s bodykins , man , much better .
use them after your own honor and dignity .
the less they deserve , the more merit is in your bounty .
we ’ ll hear a play tomorrow .
we ’ ll ha ’ t tomorrow night .
follow that lord , and look you mock him not .
my good friends , i ’ ll leave you till night .
you are welcome to elsinore .
oh , what a rogue and peasant slave am i !
and all for nothing— for hecuba !
and terms compulsatory , those foresaid lands so by his father lost .
lo , where it comes again .
i ’ ll cross it though it blast me.—stay , illusion !
if thou hast any sound or use of voice , speak to me .
plucks off my beard and blows it in my face ?
tweaks me by the nose ?
remorseless , treacherous , lecherous , kindless villain !
why , what an ass am i !
fie upon ’ t , foh !
for murder , though it have no tongue , will speak with most miraculous organ .
if he do blench , i know my course .
i ’ ll have grounds more relative than this .
the play ’ s the thing wherein i ’ ll catch the conscience of the king .
did he receive you well ?
niggard of question , but of our demands most free in his reply .
madam , it so fell out , that certain players we o'erraught on the way .
tis most true , and he beseeched me to entreat your majesties to hear and see the matter .
with all my heart , and it doth much content me to hear him so inclined .
good gentlemen , give him a further edge , and drive his purpose on to these delights .
we shall , my lord .
madam , i wish it may .
ophelia , walk you here .
let ’ s withdraw , my lord .
to die , to sleep .
there ’ s the respect that makes calamity of so long life .
good my lord , how does your honor for this many a day ?
well , well , well .
my lord , i have remembrances of yours that i have longèd long to redeliver .
i pray you now receive them .
ha , ha , are you honest ?
that if you be honest and fair , your honesty should admit no discourse to your beauty .
could beauty , my lord , have better commerce than with honesty ?
this was sometime a paradox , but now the time gives it proof .
i did love you once .
indeed , my lord , you made me believe so .
i was the more deceived .
get thee to a nunnery .
what should such fellows as i do crawling between earth and heaven ?
we are arrant knaves , all .
go thy ways to a nunnery .
where ’ s your father ?
at home , my lord .
o , help him , you sweet heavens !
get thee to a nunnery , go .
heavenly powers , restore him !
i have heard of your paintings too , well enough .
god has given you one face and you make yourselves another .
go to , i ’ ll no more on ’ t .
it hath made me mad .
i say , we will have no more marriages .
those that are married already , all but one , shall live .
the rest shall keep as they are .
to a nunnery , go .
his affections do not that way tend .
what think you on ’ t ?
but yet do i believe the origin and commencement of his grief sprung from neglected love.—how now , ophelia ?
you need not tell us what lord hamlet said .
if she find him not , to england send him or confine him where your wisdom best shall think .
shall i strike at it with my partisan ?
do , if it will not stand .
it was about to speak when the cock crew .
speak the speech , i pray you , as i pronounced it to you , trippingly on the tongue .
i would have such a fellow whipped for o'erdoing termagant .
pray you , avoid it .
be not too tame neither , but let your own discretion be your tutor .
i hope we have reformed that indifferently with us , sir .
o , reform it altogether !
and the queen too , and that presently .
bid the players make haste .
will you two help to hasten them ?
here , sweet lord , at your service .
horatio , thou art e'en as just a man as e'er my conversation coped withal .
o my dear lord— nay , do not think i flatter .
why should the poor be flattered ?
they are coming to the play .
how fares our cousin hamlet ?
excellent , i ' faith , of the chameleon ’ s dish .
i eat the air , promise-crammed .
you can not feed capons so .
i have nothing with this answer , hamlet .
these words are not mine .
no , nor mine now .
that did i , my lord , and was accounted a good actor .
i did enact julius caesar .
i was killed i ' th ' capitol .
they stay upon your patience .
here ’ s metal more attractive .
lady , shall i lie in your lap ?
i mean , my head upon your lap ?
do you think i meant country matters ?
what is , my lord ?
you are merry , my lord .
o god , your only jig-maker .
what should a man do but be merry ?
for , look you , how cheerfully my mother looks , and my father died within these two hours .
nay , ’ tis twice two months , my lord .
nay then , let the devil wear black , for i ’ ll have a suit of sables .
then there ’ s hope a great man ’ s memory may outlive his life half a year .
belike this show imports the argument of the play .
we shall know by this fellow .
the players can not keep counsel .
they ’ ll tell all .
will he tell us what this show meant ?
ay , or any show that you will show him .
be not you ashamed to show , he ’ ll not shame to tell you what it means .
you are naught , you are naught .
i ’ ll mark the play .
is this a prologue or the posy of a ring ?
tis brief , my lord .
as woman ’ s love .
madam , how like you this play ?
the lady protests too much , methinks .
oh , but she ’ ll keep her word .
is there no offense in ’ t ?
no offense i ' th ' world .
what do you call the play ?
it faded on the crowing of the cock .
do you consent we shall acquaint him with it , as needful in our loves , fitting our duty ?
i could interpret between you and your love , if i could see the puppets dallying .
come , “ the croaking raven doth bellow for revenge— ”
the story is extant , and writ in choice italian .
you shall see anon how the murderer gets the love of gonzago ’ s wife .
what , frighted with false fire ?
give me some light , away !
lights , lights , lights !
a whole one , i .
very well , my lord .
upon the talk of the poisoning ?
i did very well note him .
good my lord , vouchsafe me a word with you .
sir , a whole history .
the king , sir— ay , sir , what of him ?
is in his retirement marvelous distempered .
i am tame , sir .
the queen your mother , in most great affliction of spirit , hath sent me to you .
nay , good my lord , this courtesy is not of the right breed .
if not , your pardon and my return shall be the end of my business .
sir , i can not .
make you a wholesome answer .
my wit ’ s diseased .
therefore no more but to the matter .
o wonderful son that can so ’ stonish a mother !
but is there no sequel at the heels of this mother ’ s admiration ?
she desires to speak with you in her closet ere you go to bed .
we shall obey , were she ten times our mother .
have you any further trade with us ?
my lord , you once did love me .
and do still , by these pickers and stealers .
good my lord , what is your cause of distemper ?
sir , i lack advancement .
how can that be , when you have the voice of the king himself for your succession in denmark ?
i do not well understand that .
will you play upon this pipe ?
my lord , i can not .
believe me , i can not .
i know no touch of it , my lord .
it is as easy as lying .
but these can not i command to any utterance of harmony .
you would seem to know my stops .
sblood , do you think i am easier to be played on than a pipe ?
god bless you , sir .
my lord , the queen would speak with you , and presently .
do you see yonder cloud that ’ s almost in shape of a camel ?
by th ' mass , and ’ tis like a camel indeed .
methinks it is like a weasel .
it is backed like a weasel .
then i will come to my mother by and by .
i will speak daggers to her but use none .
my tongue and soul in this be hypocrites .
i like him not , nor stands it safe with us to let his madness range .
i your commission will forthwith dispatch , and he to england shall along with you .
the terms of our estate may not endure hazard so dangerous as doth hourly grow out of his lunacies .
never alone did the king sigh , but with a general groan .
arm you , i pray you , to this speedy voyage .
for we will fetters put upon this fear , which now goes too free-footed .
my lord , he ’ s going to his mother ’ s closet .
behind the arras i ’ ll convey myself to hear the process .
i ’ ll warrant she ’ ll tax him home .
fare you well , my liege .
i ’ ll call upon you ere you go to bed and tell you what i know .
thanks , dear my lord .
it hath the primal eldest curse upon ’ t , a brother ’ s murder .
may one be pardoned and retain th ' offense ?
but ’ tis not so above .
yet what can it when one can not repent ?
o bosom black as death !
o limèd soul that , struggling to be free , art more engaged !
now might i do it pat .
and now i ’ ll do ’ t .
and so he goes to heaven .
and so am i revenged.—that would be scanned .
words without thoughts never to heaven go .
conceit in weakest bodies strongest works .
speak to her , hamlet .
to whom do you speak this ?
avoid what is to come .
o hamlet , thou hast cleft my heart in twain .
good night—but go not to mine uncle ’ s bed .
assume a virtue if you have it not .
so , again , good night .
i must be cruel only to be kind .
thus bad begins and worse remains behind .
let it work , for ’ tis the sport to have the engineer hoist with his own petard .
tis fit we understand them .
ah , my good lord , what have i seen tonight !
alas , how shall this bloody deed be answered ?
go seek him out , speak fair , and bring the body into the chapel .
what have you done , my lord , with the dead body ?
tell us where ’ tis , that we may take it thence and bear it to the chapel .
but such officers do the king best service in the end .
i am glad of it .
yet must not we put the strong law on him .
without , my lord ; guarded , to know your pleasure .
not where he eats , but where he is eaten .
that ’ s the end .
what dost you mean by this ?
thy loving father , hamlet .
i will do ’ t , my lord .
they are of norway , sir .
take thy fair hour , laertes .
thou know ’ st ’ tis common .
ay , madam , it is common .
god be wi ' you , sir .
what is a man if his chief good and market of his time be but to sleep and feed ?
a beast , no more .
i will not speak with her .
where is the beauteous majesty of denmark ?
nay , but , ophelia— pray you , mark .
how do you , pretty lady ?
god be at your table .
how long hath she been thus ?
oh , this is the poison of deep grief .
alack , what noise is this ?
i pray you , give me leave .
do not fear our person .
conscience and grace , to the profoundest pit !
my will , not all the world .
and for my means , i ’ ll husband them so well , they shall go far with little .
will you know them then ?
tears seven times salt , burn out the sense and virtue of mine eye !
by heaven , thy madness shall be paid by weight , till our scale turn the beam .
you must sing this nothing ’ s more than matter .
there ’ s rosemary , that ’ s for remembrance .
do you see this , o god ?
laertes , i must commune with your grief , or you deny me right .
let him bless thee too .
letters , my lord , from hamlet .
sailors , my lord , they say .
he received them of him that brought them .
how otherwise ? — will you be ruled by me ?
he is the brooch indeed and gem of all the nation .
and nothing is at a like goodness still .
but , good laertes , will you do this , keep close within your chamber .
i will do ’ t .
be as ourself in denmark.—madam , come .
alas , then she is drowned .
but yet it is our trick .
let ’ s follow , gertrude .
how much i had to do to calm his rage !
now fear i this will give it start again .
therefore let ’ s follow .
is she to be buried in christian burial when she willfully seeks her own salvation ?
the crowner hath sat on her and finds it christian burial .
how can that be , unless she drowned herself in her own defense ?
it must be nay , but hear you , goodman delver— give me leave .
ay , marry , is ’ t .
crowner ’ s quest law .
why , he had none .
marry , now i can tell .
has this fellow no feeling of his business ?
he sings at grave- making .
that skull had a tongue in it and could sing once .
it might , my lord .
mine ache to think on ’ t .
not a jot more , my lord .
i will speak to this fellow.—whose grave ’ s this , sirrah ?
you lie out on ’ t , sir , and therefore it is not yours .
tis for the dead , not for the quick .
what man dost thou dig it for ?
ay , marry , why was he sent into england ?
why , because he was mad .
twill not be seen in him there .
faith , e'en with losing his wits .
why he more than another ?
i am glad to see you well.— horatio ?
or i do forget myself ?
sir , my good friend , i ’ ll change that name with you .
what ’ s that , my lord ?
dost thou think alexander looked o ' this fashion i ' th ' earth ?
e'en so , my lord .
to what base uses we may return , horatio .
why may not imagination trace the noble dust of alexander till he find it stopping a bunghole ?
twere to consider too curiously , to consider so .
no , faith , not a jot .
imperious caesar , dead and turned to clay , might stop a hole to keep the wind away .
but soft , but soft a while .
this doth betoken the corse they follow did with desperate hand fordo its own life .
couch we a while and mark .
for charitable prayers shards , flints and pebbles should be thrown on her .
must there no more be done ?
lay her i ' th ' earth , and from her fair and unpolluted flesh may violets spring !
i tell thee , churlish priest , a ministering angel shall my sister be when thou liest howling .
hold off the earth awhile till i have caught her once more in mine arms .
o my son , what theme ?
forty thousand brothers could not with all their quantity of love make up my sum .
what wilt thou do for her ?
o , he is mad , laertes .
for love of god , forbear him .
swounds , show me what thou'lt do .
woo ’ t tear thyself ?
i ’ ll do ’ t .
and thus a while the fit will work on him .
but it is no matter .
i pray thee , good horatio , wait upon him .
you come most carefully upon your hour .
get thee to bed , francisco .
for this relief much thanks .
tis bitter cold , and i am sick at heart .
have you had quiet guard ?
if you do meet horatio and marcellus , the rivals of my watch , bid them make haste .
i think i hear them.—stand , ho !
so much for this , sir .
now shall you see the other .
you do remember all the circumstance ?
remember it , my lord ?
sir , in my heart there was a kind of fighting that would not let me sleep .
methought i lay worse than the mutines in the bilboes .
wilt thou know th ' effect of what i wrote ?
ay , good my lord .
i had my father ’ s signet in my purse , which was the model of that danish seal .
so guildenstern and rosencrantz go to ’ t .
why , man , they did make love to this employment .
they are not near my conscience .
their defeat does by their own insinuation grow .
tis dangerous when the baser nature comes between the pass and fell incensèd points of mighty opposites .
why , what a king is this !
is ’ t not perfect conscience to quit him with this arm ?
and is ’ t not to be damned to let this canker of our nature come in further evil ?
it must be shortly known to him from england what is the issue of the business there .
the interim ’ s mine .
i ’ ll court his favors .
but sure the bravery of his grief did put me into a towering passion .
your lordship is right welcome back to denmark .
i humbly thank you , sir .
it is indifferent cold , my lord , indeed .
but yet methinks it is very sultry and hot for my complexion .
it is very sultry—as ’ twere—i can not tell how .
a truant disposition , good my lord .
i know you are no truant .
but what is your affair in elsinore ?
we ’ ll teach you to drink deep ere you depart .
my lord , i came to see your father ’ s funeral .
i pray thee , do not mock me , fellow student .
i think it was to see my mother ’ s wedding .
indeed , my lord , it followed hard upon .
the funeral baked meats did coldly furnish forth the marriage tables .
would i had met my dearest foe in heaven or ever i had seen that day , horatio .
my father—methinks i see my father .
in my mind ’ s eye , horatio .
he was a goodly king .
take him for all in all .
i shall not look upon his like again .
your lordship speaks most infallibly of him .
why do we wrap the gentleman in our more rawer breath ?
i know you are not ignorant— i would you did , sir .
yet in faith , if you did , it would not much approve me .
you are not ignorant of what excellence laertes is—
i mean , sir , for his weapon .
that ’ s two of his weapons .
what call you the carriages ?
the carriages , sir , are the hangers .
the phrase would be more germane to the matter if we could carry cannon by our sides .
i would it might be hangers till then .
why is this “ impawned , ” as you call it ?
how if i answer “ no ” ?
if it please his majesty , ’ tis the breathing time of day with me .
i commend my duty to your lordship .
he does well to commend it himself .
there are no tongues else for ’ s turn .
he did comply , sir , with his dug before he sucked it .
i am constant to my purpose .
they follow the king ’ s pleasure .
the king and queen and all are coming down .
the queen desires you to use some gentle entertainment to laertes before you fall to play .
you will lose this wager , my lord .
i do not think so .
since he went into france , i have been in continual practice .
i shall win at the odds .
but thou wouldst not think how ill all ’ s here about my heart .
but it is no matter .
i will forestall their repair hither and say you are not fit .
if it be not to come , it will be now .
since no man of aught he leaves knows , what is ’ t to leave betimes ?
come , hamlet , come , and take this hand from me .
come , one for me .
i ’ ll be your foil , laertes .
you mock me , sir .
no , by this hand .
very well , my lord .
your grace hath laid the odds o ' th ' weaker side .
i have seen you both .
but since he is better we have therefore odds .
ay , my good lord .
set me the stoups of wine upon that table .
a hit , a very palpable hit .
stay , give me drink.—hamlet , this pearl is thine .
here ’ s to thy health .
set it by a while .
a touch , a touch , i do confess ’ t .
the queen carouses to thy fortune , hamlet .
gertrude , do not drink .
i will , my lord .
i pray you , pardon me .
i dare not drink yet , madam .
come , let me wipe thy face .
i do not think ’ t .
come , for the third , laertes .
i pray you , pass with your best violence .
i am afeard you make a wanton of me .
nay , come , again .
look to the queen there , ho !
they bleed on both sides.—how is it , my lord ?
how is ’ t , laertes ?
why , as a woodcock to mine own springe , osric .
she swoons to see them bleed .
the drink , the drink !
ho , let the door be locked .
it is here , hamlet .
hamlet , thou art slain .
no medicine in the world can do thee good .
in thee there is not half an hour of life .
the treacherous instrument is in thy hand , unbated and envenomed .
the foul practice hath turned itself on me .
lo , here i lie , never to rise again .
thy mother ’ s poisoned .
the king , the king ’ s to blame .
the point envenomed too ! —then , venom , to thy work .
my lord , i think i saw him yesternight .
the king my father ? !
for god ’ s love , let me hear .
o , yet defend me , friends .
here , thou incestuous , murderous , damnèd dane , drink off this potion .
it is a poison tempered by himself .
exchange forgiveness with me , noble hamlet .
mine and my father ’ s death come not upon thee , nor thine on me .
heaven make thee free of it .
i am more an antique roman than a dane .
here ’ s yet some liquor left .
as thou'rt a man , give me the cup .
by heaven , i ’ ll have ’ t .
o god , horatio , what a wounded name , things standing thus unknown , shall live behind me !
what warlike noise is this ?
young fortinbras , with conquest come from poland , to th ' ambassadors of england gives this warlike volley .
o , i die , horatio .
the potent poison quite o'ercrows my spirit .
i can not live to hear the news from england .
but i do prophesy the election lights on fortinbras .
he has my dying voice .
o , o , o , o .
what is it ye would see ?
this quarry cries on havoc .
the sight is dismal , and our affairs from england come too late .
had it th ' ability of life to thank you .
for me , with sorrow i embrace my fortune .
and , for his passage , the soldiers ' music and the rites of war speak loudly for him .
my lord , upon the platform where we watch .
did you not speak to it ?
my lord , i did , but answer made it none .
as i do live , my honored lord , ’ tis true .
and we did think it writ down in our duty to let you know of it .
indeed , indeed , sirs , but this troubles me .
hold you the watch tonight ?
we do , my lord .
my lord , from head to foot .
then saw you not his face ?
oh yes , my lord .
he wore his beaver up .
and fixed his eyes upon you ?
i would i had been there .
while one with moderate haste might tell a hundred .
not when i saw ’ t .
his beard was grizzled , no ?
it was , as i have seen it in his life , a sable silvered .
and whatsoever else shall hap tonight , give it an understanding , but no tongue .
i will requite your loves .
upon the platform , ’ twixt eleven and twelve , i ’ ll visit you .
our duty to your honor .
your loves , as mine to you .
my father ’ s spirit in arms .
i doubt some foul play .
would the night were come !
till then sit still , my soul .
foul deeds will rise , though all the earth o'erwhelm them , to men ’ s eyes .
and in the morn and liquid dew of youth , contagious blastments are most imminent .
best safety lies in fear .
youth to itself rebels , though none else near .
i shall the effect of this good lesson keep as watchman to my heart .
o , fear me not .
but here my father comes .
aboard , aboard , for shame !
the wind sits in the shoulder of your sail and you are stayed for .
there , my blessing with thee .
and these few precepts in thy memory look thou character .
give thy thoughts no tongue , nor any unproportioned thought his act .
be thou familiar but by no means vulgar .
give every man thy ear but few thy voice .
take each man ’ s censure but reserve thy judgment .
tis in my memory locked , and you yourself shall keep the key of it .
what is ’ t , ophelia , he hath said to you ?
so please you , something touching the lord hamlet .
give me up the truth .
he hath , my lord , of late made many tenders of his affection to me .
pooh , you speak like a green girl , unsifted in such perilous circumstance .
do you believe his “ tenders , ” as you call them ?
i do not know , my lord , what i should think .
marry , i ’ ll teach you .
think yourself a baby that you have ta'en these tenders for true pay , which are not sterling .
go to , go to .
and hath given countenance to his speech , my lord , with almost all the holy vows of heaven .
ay , springes to catch woodcocks .
i do know , when the blood burns , how prodigal the soul lends the tongue vows .
look to ’ t , i charge you .
i shall obey , my lord .
and liegemen to the dane .
o , farewell , honest soldier .
say what , is horatio there ?
what , has this thing appeared again tonight ?
it is a nipping and an eager air .
i think it lacks of twelve .
no , it is struck .
it then draws near the season wherein the spirit held his wont to walk .
what does this mean , my lord ?
ay , marry , is ’ t .
this heavy-headed revel east and west makes us traduced and taxed of other nations .
they clepe us drunkards and with swinish phrase soil our addition .
the dram of evil doth all the noble substance of a doubt to his own scandal .
look , my lord , it comes !
angels and ministers of grace defend us !
wherein we saw thee quietly interred , hath oped his ponderous and marble jaws to cast thee up again .
it beckons you to go away with it , as if it some impartment did desire to you alone .
look , with what courteous action it waves you to a more removèd ground .
but do not go with it .
no , by no means .
do not , my lord .
why , what should be the fear ?
it waves me forth again .
i ’ ll follow it .
you shall not go , my lord .
still am i called.—unhand me , gentlemen .
by heaven , i ’ ll make a ghost of him that lets me .
he waxes desperate with imagination .
tis not fit thus to obey him .
nay , let ’ s follow him .
where wilt thou lead me ?
speak , i ’ ll go no further .
my hour is almost come when i to sulfurous and tormenting flames must render up myself .
i am bound to hear .
so art thou to revenge when thou shalt hear .
but this eternal blazon must not be to ears of flesh and blood .
list , list , o , list !
if thou didst ever thy dear father love— o god !
revenge his foul and most unnatural murder .
murder most foul , as in the best it is .
but this most foul , strange and unnatural .
o hamlet , what a falling off was there !
oh , horrible , oh , horrible , most horrible !
if thou hast nature in thee , bear it not .
let not the royal bed of denmark be a couch for luxury and damnèd incest .
leave her to heaven and to those thorns that in her bosom lodge to prick and sting her .
fare thee well at once .
the glowworm shows the matin to be near , and 'gins to pale his uneffectual fire .
adieu , adieu , adieu .
o all you host of heaven !
and shall i couple hell ?
ay , thou poor ghost , whiles memory holds a seat in this distracted globe .
o villain , villain , smiling , damnèd villain !
at least i ’ m sure it may be so in denmark .
remember me. ” i have sworn ’ t .
my lord , my lord !
lord hamlet— heaven secure him !
illo , ho , ho , my lord !
hillo , ho , ho , boy .
come , bird , come .
how is ’ t , my noble lord ?
what news , my lord ?
good my lord , tell it .
not i , my lord , by heaven .
nor i , my lord .
how say you , then ?
but you ’ ll be secret ?
ay , by heaven , my lord .
well , sit we down , and let us hear barnardo speak of this .
look where it comes again !
in the same figure like the king that ’ s dead .
it harrows me with fear and wonder .
it would be spoke to .
by heaven , i charge thee , speak .
there ’ s ne'er a villain dwelling in all denmark but he ’ s an arrant knave .
there needs no ghost , my lord , come from the grave to tell us this .
why , right , you are in the right .
and so , without more circumstance at all , i hold it fit that we shake hands and part .
these are but wild and whirling words , my lord .
there ’ s no offense , my lord .
yes , by saint patrick , but there is , horatio , and much offense too .
touching this vision here , it is an honest ghost , that let me tell you .
for your desire to know what is between us , o'ermaster ’ t as you may .
what is ’ t , my lord ?
never make known what you have seen tonight .
my lord , we will not .
nay , but swear ’ t .
in faith , my lord , not i .
nor i , my lord , in faith .
we have sworn , my lord , already .
indeed , upon my sword , indeed .
never to speak of this that you have seen .
come hither , gentlemen , and lay your hands again upon my sword .
swear by my sword never to speak of this that you have heard .
well said , old mole !
once more remove , good friends .
o day and night , but this is wondrous strange !
and therefore as a stranger give it welcome .
there are more things in heaven and earth , horatio , than are dreamt of in your philosophy .
this not to do , so grace and mercy at your most need help you , swear .
nay , come , let ’ s go together .
give him this money and these notes , reynaldo .
i will , my lord .
my lord , i did intend it .
marry , well said , very well said .
ay , very well , my lord .
and in part him , but , ” you may say , “ not well .
addicted so and so.— ” and there put on him what forgeries you please .
but , sir , such wanton , wild , and usual slips
ay , or drinking , fencing , swearing , quarreling , drabbing—you may go so far .
my lord , that would dishonor him !
faith , no , as you may season it in the charge .
but , my good lord— wherefore should you do this ?
very good , my lord .
and then , sir , does he this , he does— what was i about to say ?
by the mass , i was about to say something .
you have me , have you not ?
my lord , i have .
god be wi ' you .
i shall , my lord .
and let him ply his music .
with what , i ' th ' name of god ?
come , go with me .
i will go seek the king .
that hath made him mad .
i am sorry that with better heed and judgment i had not quoted him .
i feared he did but trifle and meant to wreck thee .
come , go we to the king .
welcome , dear rosencrantz and guildenstern .
thanks , rosencrantz and gentle guildenstern .
thanks , guildenstern and gentle rosencrantz .
and i beseech you instantly to visit my too much changèd son .
go , some of you , and bring these gentlemen where hamlet is .
heavens make our presence and our practices pleasant and helpful to him !
th ' ambassadors from norway , my good lord , are joyfully returned .
thou still hast been the father of good news .
have i , my lord ?
see , it stalks away .
i charge thee , speak !
you tremble and look pale .
is not this something more than fantasy ?
what think you on ’ t ?
before my god , i might not this believe without the sensible and true avouch of mine own eyes .
is it not like the king ?
as thou art to thyself .
such was the very armour he had on when he the ambitious norway combated .
so frowned he once when , in an angry parle , he smote the sledded polacks on the ice .
oh , speak of that .
that do i long to hear .
give first admittance to th ' ambassadors .
my news shall be the fruit to that great feast .
thyself do grace to them , and bring them in .
i doubt it is no other but the main : his father ’ s death and our o'erhasty marriage .
well , we shall sift him.—welcome , my good friends !
say , voltemand , what from our brother norway ?
whereon old norway , overcome with joy ,
meantime we thank you for your well-took labor .
at night we ’ ll feast together .
this business is well ended .
thus it remains , and the remainder thus .
good madam , stay a while .
o dear ophelia , i am ill at these numbers .
but how hath she received his love ?
what do you think of me ?
as of a man faithful and honorable .
i would fain prove so .
it may be , very like .
how may we try it further ?
you know sometimes he walks four hours together here in the lobby .
at such a time i ’ ll loose my daughter to him .
away , i do beseech you , both away .
i ’ ll board him presently .
o , give me leave .
how does my good lord hamlet ?
well , god- ' a'-mercy .
do you know me , my lord ?
so god sa ' me , ’ tis shame to stand still .
ish a villain and a basterd and a knave and a rascal .
who talks of my nation ?
i do not know you so good a man as myself .
so chrish save me , i will cut off your head .
gentlemen both , you will mistake each other .
ah , that ’ s a foul fault .
the town sounds a parley .
how yet resolves the governor of the town ?
this is the latest parle we will admit .
what rein can hold licentious wickedness when down the hill he holds his fierce career ?
will you yield and this avoid or , guilty in defense , be thus destroyed ?
our expectation hath this day an end .
therefore , great king , we yield our town and lives to thy soft mercy .
come , uncle exeter , go you and enter harfleur .
there remain and fortify it strongly 'gainst the french .
tonight in harfleur will we be your guest ; tomorrow for the march are we addressed .
doth his majesty incline to it or no ?
tis certain he hath passed the river somme .
an if he be not fought withal , my lord , let us not live in france .
let us quit all and give our vineyards to a barbarous people .
normans , but bastard normans , norman bastards !
and shall our quick blood , spirited with wine , seem frosty ?
where is montjoy the herald ?
let him greet england with our sharp defiance .
bar harry england , that sweeps through our land with pennons painted in the blood of harfleur .
prince dauphin , you shall stay with us in rouen .
not so , i do beseech your majesty .
be patient , for you shall remain with us .
now forth , lord constable and princes all , and quickly bring us word of england ’ s fall .
is the duke of exeter safe ?
he is called aunchient pistol .
captain , i thee beseech to do me favors .
the duke of exeter doth love thee well .
ay , i praise god , and i have merited some love at his hands .
fortune is an excellent moral .
aunchient pistol , i do partly understand your meaning .
die and be damned , and it is well .
why , this is an arrant counterfeit rascal .
but you must learn to know such slanders of the age , or else you may be marvelously mistook .
if i find a hole in his coat , i will tell him my mind .
how now , fluellen , cam ’ st thou from the bridge ?
ay , so please your majesty .
the duke of exeter has very gallantly maintained the pridge .
the french is gone off , look you , and there is gallant and most prave passages .
i can tell your majesty , the duke is a prave man .
what men have you lost , fluellen ?
the perdition of th ' athversary hath been very great , reasonable great .
you know me by my habit .
well then , i know thee .
what shall i know of thee ?
my master ’ s mind .
advantage is a better soldier than rashness .
now we speak upon our cue , and our voice is imperial .
what was th ' impediment that broke this off ?
the french ambassador upon that instant craved audience .
and the hour , i think , is come to give him hearing .
thou dost thy office fairly .
yet , forgive me , god , that i do brag thus .
go therefore , tell thy master : here i am .
i hope they will not come upon us now .
we are in god ’ s hand , brother , not in theirs .
it now draws toward night .
tut , i have the best armor of the world .
you have an excellent armor , but let my horse have his due .
it is the best horse of europe .
will it never be morning ?
my lord of orléans , and my lord high constable , you talk of horse and armor ?
you are as well provided of both as any prince in the world .
what a long night is this !
i will not change my horse with any that treads but on four pasterns .
the earth sings when he touches it .
the basest horn of his hoof is more musical than the pipe of hermes .
he ’ s of the color of the nutmeg .
and of the heat of the ginger .
it is a beast for perseus .
he is indeed a horse , and all other jades you may call beasts .
indeed , my lord , it is a most absolute and excellent horse .
it is the prince of palfreys .
his neigh is like the bidding of a monarch , and his countenance enforces homage .
it is a theme as fluent as the sea .
turn the sands into eloquent tongues , and my horse is argument for them all .
then did they imitate that which i composed to my courser , for my horse is my mistress .
you have good judgment in horsemanship .
i had rather have my horse to my mistress .
i had as lief have my mistress a jade .
i tell thee , constable , my mistress wears his own hair .
i could make as true a boast as that if i had a sow to my mistress .
some of them will fall tomorrow , i hope .
and yet my sky shall not want .
that may be , for you bear a many superfluously , and ’ twere more honor some were away .
ev ' n as your horse bears your praises—who would trot as well were some of your brags dismounted .
would i were able to load him with his desert !
will it never be day ?
i will not say so , for fear i should be faced out of my way .
i ’ ll go arm myself .
the dauphin longs for morning .
he longs to eat the english .
swear by her foot , that she may tread out the oath .
he is simply the most active gentleman of france .
doing is activity , and he will still be doing .
he never did harm that i heard of .
nor will do none tomorrow .
he will keep that good name still .
i know him to be valiant .
i was told that by one that knows him better than you .
marry , he told me so himself ; and he said he cared not who knew it .
it is no hidden virtue in him .
tis a hooded valor , and when it appears , it will bate .
ill will never said well .
tis not the first time you were overshot .
my lord high constable , the english lie within fifteen hundred paces of your tents .
who hath measured the ground ?
alas , poor harry of england !
he longs not for the dawning as we do .
if the english had any apprehension , they would run away .
that island of england breeds very valiant creatures .
their mastiffs are of unmatchable courage .
ay , but these english are shrewdly out of beef .
then shall we find tomorrow they have only stomachs to eat and none to fight .
now is it time to arm .
come , shall we about it ?
it is now two o'clock .
but , let me see , by ten we shall have each a hundred englishmen .
oh , now , who will behold the royal captain of this ruined band
where is my gracious lord of canterbury ?
send for him , good uncle .
shall we call in th ' ambassador , my liege ?
not yet , my cousin .
god and his angels guard your sacred throne and make you long become it .
gloucester , ’ tis true that we are in great danger .
the greater therefore should our courage be .
good morrow , brother bedford .
god almighty , there is some soul of goodness in things evil , would men observingly distill it out .
for our bad neighbor makes us early stirrers , which is both healthful and good husbandry .
thus may we gather honey from the weed and make a moral of the devil himself .
good morrow , old sir thomas erpingham .
a good soft pillow for that good white head were better than a churlish turf of france .
so the spirit is eased .
lend me thy cloak , sir thomas .
we shall , my liege .
shall i attend your grace ?
no , my good knight .
go with my brothers to my lords of england .
i and my bosom must debate awhile , and then i would no other company .
the lord in heaven bless thee , noble harry !
discuss unto me : art thou officer or art thou base , common , and popular ?
i am a gentleman of a company .
trail ’ st thou the puissant pike ?
as good a gentleman as the emperor .
then you are a better than the king .
i kiss his dirty shoe , and from heartstring i love the lovely bully .
art thou of cornish crew ?
no , i am a welshman .
know ’ st thou fluellen ?
tell him i ’ ll knock his leek about his pate upon saint davy ’ s day .
do not you wear your dagger in your cap that day , lest he knock that about yours .
my name is pistol called .
it sorts well with your fierceness .
why , the enemy is loud .
you hear him all night .
i pray you and beseech you that you will .
though it appear a little out of fashion , there is much care and valor in this welshman .
brother john bates , is not that the morning which breaks yonder ?
under what captain serve you ?
a good old commander and a most kind gentleman .
i pray you , what thinks he of our estate ?
even as men wracked upon a sand , that look to be washed off the next tide .
he hath not told his thought to the king ?
the violet smells to him as it doth to me .
by my troth , i will speak my conscience of the king .
i think he would not wish himself anywhere but where he is .
that ’ s more than we know .
if his cause be wrong , our obedience to the king wipes the crime of it out of us .
tis certain , every man that dies ill , the ill upon his own head .
the king is not to answer it .
i do not desire he should answer for me , and yet i determine to fight lustily for him .
i myself heard the king say he would not be ransomed .
if i live to see it , i will never trust his word after .
you ’ ll “ never trust his word after. ” come , ’ tis a foolish saying .
your reproof is something too round .
i should be angry with you if the time were convenient .
let it be a quarrel between us , if you live .
how shall i know thee again ?
give me any gage of thine , and i will wear it in my bonnet .
then , if ever thou dar ’ st acknowledge it , i will make it my quarrel .
this will i also wear in my cap .
if ever i live to see it , i will challenge it .
thou dar ’ st as well be hanged .
well , i will do it , though i take thee in the king ’ s company .
of what your reverence shall incite us to .
therefore take heed how you impawn our person , how you awake our sleeping sword of war .
what infinite heart ’ s ease must kings neglect that private men enjoy ?
and what have kings that privates have not too , save ceremony , save general ceremony ?
and what art thou , thou idol ceremony ?
what kind of god art thou , that suffer ’ st more of mortal griefs than do thy worshippers ?
what are thy comings in ?
o ceremony , show me but thy worth !
what is thy soul of adoration ?
what drink ’ st thou oft , instead of homage sweet , but poisoned flattery ?
oh , be sick , great greatness , and bid thy ceremony give thee cure !
think ’ st thou the fiery fever will go out with titles blown from adulation ?
will it give place to flexure and low bending ?
canst thou , when thou command ’ st the beggar ’ s knee , command the health of it ?
no , thou proud dream , that play ’ st so subtly with a king ’ s repose .
my lord , your nobles , jealous of your absence , seek through your camp to find you .
good old knight , collect them all together at my tent .
i ’ ll be before thee .
i shall do ’ t , my lord .
o god of battles , steel my soldiers ' hearts .
possess them not with fear .
take from them now the sense of reck'ning ere th ' opposèd numbers pluck their hearts from them .
and i have built two chantries where the sad and solemn priests sing still for richard ’ s soul .
my brother gloucester ’ s voice.—ay , i know thy errand .
i will go with thee .
the day , my friends , and all things stay for me .
the sun doth gild our armor .
now , my lord constable ?
hark how our steeds for present service neigh .
what , will you have them weep our horses ' blood ?
how shall we then behold their natural tears ?
the english are embattled , you french peers .
to horse , you gallant princes , straight to horse .
what ’ s to say ?
why do you stay so long , my lords of france ?
yond island carrions , desperate of their bones , ill-favoredly become the morning field .
big mars seems bankrupt in their beggared host and faintly through a rusty beaver peeps .
they have said their prayers , and they stay for death .
on , to the field !
i will the banner from a trumpet take and use it for my haste .
the sun is high , and we outwear the day .
the king himself is rode to view their battle .
of fighting men they have full threescore thousand .
there ’ s five to one .
besides , they all are fresh .
god ’ s arm strike with us !
god be wi ' you , princes all .
i ’ ll to my charge .
farewell , good salisbury , and good luck go with thee .
he is as full of valor as of kindness , princely in both .
what ’ s he that wishes so ?
no , my fair cousin .
god ’ s will , i pray thee wish not one man more .
but if it be a sin to covet honor , i am the most offending soul alive .
no , faith , my coz , wish not a man from england .
oh , do not wish one more !
his passport shall be made , and crowns for convoy put into his purse .
we would not die in that man ’ s company that fears his fellowship to die with us .
all things are ready if our minds be so .
perish the man whose mind is backward now !
thou dost not wish more help from england , coz ?
god be with you all .
for certainly thou art so near the gulf thou needs must be englutted .
who hath sent thee now ?
i pray thee , bear my former answer back .
bid them achieve me and then sell my bones .
herald , save thou thy labor .
come thou no more for ransom , gentle herald .
i shall , king harry .
and so fare thee well .
thou never shalt hear herald anymore .
i fear thou wilt once more come again for a ransom .
my lord , most humbly on my knee i beg the leading of the vaward .
take it , brave york .
now , soldiers , march away , and how thou pleasest , god , dispose the day .
he says his name is master fer .
he prays you to save his life .
tell him my fury shall abate , and i the crowns will take .
expound unto me , boy .
as i suck blood , i will some mercy show .
i did never know so full a voice issue from so empty a heart .
i must stay with the lackeys with the luggage of our camp .
reproach and everlasting shame sits mocking in our plumes .
why , all our ranks are broke .
let ’ s stab ourselves .
be these the wretches that we played at dice for ?
is this the king we sent to for his ransom ?
shame , and eternal shame , nothing but shame !
disorder , that hath spoiled us , friend us now .
let us on heaps go offer up our lives .
the devil take order now !
i ’ ll to the throng .
let life be short , else shame will be too long .
yet keep the french the field .
the duke of york commends him to your majesty .
lives he , good uncle ?
thrice within this hour i saw him down , thrice up again and fighting .
from helmet to the spur , all blood he was .
and cries aloud , “ tarry , my cousin suffolk .
my soul shall thine keep company to heaven .
the french have reinforced their scattered men .
then every soldier kill his prisoners .
may i with right and conscience make this claim ?
go , my dread lord , to your great-grandsire ’ s tomb , from whom you claim .
awake remembrance of these valiant dead and with your puissant arm renew their feats .
kill the poys and the luggage !
tis expressly against the law of arms .
oh , ’ tis a gallant king !
ay , he was porn at monmouth , captain gower .
why , i pray you , is not “ pig ” great ?
i think alexander the great was born in macedon .
his father was called philip of macedon , as i take it .
i think it is in macedon where alexander is porn .
there is a river in macedon , and there is also , moreover , a river at monmouth .
i speak but in the figures and comparisons of it .
i ’ ll tell you , there is good men porn at monmouth .
i was not angry since i came to france until this instant .
take a trumpet , herald .
ride thou unto the horsemen on yond hill .
if they will fight with us , bid them come down , or void the field .
they do offend our sight .
go and tell them so .
here comes the herald of the french , my liege .
his eyes are humbler than they used to be .
know ’ st thou not that i have fined these bones of mine for ransom ?
com ’ st thou again for ransom ?
praised be god , and not our strength , for it !
what is this castle called that stands hard by ?
then call we this the field of agincourt , fought on the day of crispin crispianus .
your majesty says very true .
and i do believe your majesty takes no scorn to wear the leek upon saint tavy ’ s day .
i wear it for a memorable honor , for i am welsh , you know , good countryman .
thanks , good my countryman .
by jeshu , i am your majesty ’ s countryman , i care not who know it .
i will confess it to all the 'orld .
god keep me so.—our heralds go with him .
bring me just notice of the numbers dead on both our parts .
soldier , you must come to the king .
soldier , why wear ’ st thou that glove in thy cap ?
he is a craven and a villain else , an ’ t please your majesty , in my conscience .
it may be his enemy is a gentleman of great sort , quite from the answer of his degree .
then keep thy vow , sirrah , when thou meet ’ st the fellow .
so i will , my liege , as i live .
who serv ’ st thou under ?
under captain gower , my liege .
gower is a good captain , and is good knowledge and literatured in the wars .
call him hither to me , soldier .
i will , my liege .
here , fluellen , wear thou this favor for me and stick it in thy cap .
your grace does me as great honors as can be desired in the hearts of his subjects .
know ’ st thou gower ?
he is my dear friend , an please you .
pray thee , go seek him , and bring him to my tent .
my lord of warwick and my brother gloucester , follow fluellen closely at the heels .
i by bargain should wear it myself .
follow , and see there be no harm between them .
go you with me , uncle of exeter .
i warrant it is to knight you , captain .
sir , know you this glove ?
i know the glove is a glove .
i know this , and thus i challenge it .
do you think i ’ ll be forsworn ?
stand away , captain gower .
i will give treason his payment into plows , i warrant you .
he ’ s a friend of the duke alençon ’ s .
my liege , this was my glove ; here is the fellow of it .
twas i indeed thou promised ’ st to strike , and thou hast given me most bitter terms .
they know your grace hath cause and means and might ; so hath your highness .
how canst thou make me satisfaction ?
it was ourself thou didst abuse .
your majesty came not like yourself .
you appeared to me but as a common man .
therefore , i beseech your highness pardon me .
i will none of your money .
it is with a good will .
i can tell you it will serve you to mend your shoes .
come , wherefore should you be so pashful ?
your shoes is not so good .
tis a good silling , i warrant you , or i will change it .
now , herald , are the dead numbered ?
here is the number of the slaughtered french .
what prisoners of good sort are taken , uncle ?
this note doth tell me of ten thousand french that in the field lie slain .
of princes in this number and nobles bearing banners , there lie dead one hundred twenty-six .
so that in these ten thousand they have lost , there are but sixteen hundred mercenaries .
the rest are princes , barons , lords , knights , squires , and gentlemen of blood and quality .
of lusty earls : grandpré and roussi , faulconbridge and foix , beaumont and marle , vaudemont and lestrale .
where is the number of our english dead ?
take it , god , for it is none but thine .
yes , captain , but with this acknowledgement : that god fought for us .
yes , my conscience , he did us great good .
do we all holy rites .
so let him land , and solemnly see him set on to london .
then brook abridgment , and your eyes advance after your thoughts , straight back again to france .
saint davy ’ s day is past .
there is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things .
why , here he comes , swelling like a turkey-cock .
ha , art thou bedlam ?
i am qualmish at the smell of leek .
not for cadwallader and all his goats .
there is one goat for you .
base trojan , thou shalt die .
you say very true , scald knave , when god ’ s will is .
i will desire you to live in the meantime and eat your victuals .
come , there is sauce for it .
it is good for your green wound and your ploody coxcomb .
yes , certainly , and out of doubt and out of question , too , and ambiguities .
by this leek , i will most horribly revenge .
will you have some more sauce to your leek ?
there is not enough leek to swear by .
thou dost see i eat .
much good do you , scald knave , heartily .
nay , pray you throw none away .
the skin is good for your broken coxcomb .
ay , leeks is good .
hold you , there is a groat to heal your pate .
if i owe you anything , i will pay you in cudgels .
you shall be a woodmonger and buy nothing of me but cudgels .
god be wi ' you and keep you and heal your pate .
all hell shall stir for this .
you are a counterfeit cowardly knave .
i have seen you gleeking and galling at this gentleman twice or thrice .
doth fortune play the huswife with me now ?
old i do wax , and from my weary limbs honor is cudgeled .
well , bawd i ’ ll turn , and something lean to cutpurse of quick hand .
to england will i steal , and there i ’ ll steal .
and patches will i get unto these cudgeled scars , and swear i got them in the gallia wars .
it follows , then , the cat must stay at home .
while that the armèd hand doth fight abroad , th ' advisèd head defends itself at home .
right joyous are we to behold your face , most worthy brother england .
so are you , princes english , every one .
to cry “ amen ” to that , thus we appear .
you english princes all , i do salute you .
my duty to you both , on equal love , great kings of france and england .
her vine , the merry cheerer of the heart , unprunèd , dies .
her hedges , even-pleached , like prisoners wildly overgrown with hair , put forth disordered twigs .
the king hath heard them , to the which as yet there is no answer made .
well then , the peace which you before so urged lies in his answer .
i have but with a cursitory eye o'erglanced the articles .
our gracious brother , i will go with them .
haply a woman ’ s voice may do some good , when articles too nicely urged be stood on .
yet leave our cousin katherine here with us .
she is our capital demand , comprised within the forerank of our articles .
your majesty shall mock at me .
i can not speak your england .
do you like me , kate ?
an angel is like you , kate , and you are like an angel .
i said so , dear katherine ; and i must not blush to affirm it .
the princess is the better englishwoman.—i ' faith , kate , my wooing is fit for thy understanding .
give me your answer , i ' faith , do ; and so clap hands and a bargain .
how say you , lady ?
i speak to thee plain soldier .
if thou canst love me for this , take me .
yet i love thee too .
if thou would have such a one , take me .
and what say ’ st thou then to my love ?
speak , my fair , and fairly , i pray thee .
is it possible dat i sould love de enemy of france ?
no , it is not possible you should love the enemy of france , kate .
i will have it all mine .
i can not tell wat is dat .
can any of your neighbors tell , kate ?
i ’ ll ask them .
what say ’ st thou , my fair flower de luce ?
i do not know dat .
no , ’ tis hereafter to know , but now to promise .
by mine honor , in true english , i love thee , kate .
now , beshrew my father ’ s ambition !
but , in faith , kate , the elder i wax , the better i shall appear .
and therefore tell me , most fair katherine , will you have me ?
come , your answer in broken music , for thy voice is music and thy english broken .
therefore , queen of all , katherine , break thy mind to me in broken english .
den it sall also content me .
upon that i kiss your hand , and i call you my queen .
then i will kiss your lips , kate .
madam my interpreter , what says she ?
dat it is not be de fashion pour les ladies of france—i can not tell wat is to kiss .
o kate , nice customs curtsy to great kings .
therefore , patiently and yielding .
my royal cousin , teach you our princess english ?
pardon the frankness of my mirth if i answer you for that .
it were , my lord , a hard condition for a maid to consign to .
they are then excused , my lord , when they see not what they do .
then , good my lord , teach your cousin to consent winking .
this moral ties me over to time and a hot summer .
as love is , my lord , before it loves .
shall kate be my wife ?
i am content , so the maiden cities you talk of may wait on her .
so the maid that stood in the way for my wish shall show me the way to my will .
we have consented to all terms of reason .
is ’ t so , my lords of england ?
now welcome , kate , and bear me witness all that here i kiss her as my sovereign queen .
god , the best maker of all marriages , combine your hearts in one , your realms in one .
god speak this “ amen ” !
and for their sake , in your fair minds let this acceptance take .
call in the messengers sent from the dauphin .
piece out our imperfections with your thoughts .
into a thousand parts divide one man , and make imaginary puissance .
therefore with frank and with uncurbèd plainness tell us the dauphin ’ s mind .
you can not revel into dukedoms there .
tennis balls , my liege .
we are glad the dauphin is so pleasant with us .
his present and your pains we thank you for .
so get you hence in peace .
this was a merry message .
we hope to make the sender blush at it .
therefore let every man now task his thought , that this fair action may on foot be brought .
now all the youth of england are on fire , and silken dalliance in the wardrobe lies .
ere he take ship for france , and in southampton .
well met , corporal nym .
good morrow , lieutenant bardolph .
what , are ancient pistol and you friends yet ?
for my part , i care not .
let ’ t be so , good corporal nym .
that is my rest ; that is the rendezvous of it .
things must be as they may .
well , i can not tell .
here comes ancient pistol and his wife .
oh , well-a-day , lady !
pish for thee , iceland dog , thou prick-eared cur of iceland !
good corporal nym , show thy valor and put up your sword .
i am not barbason ; you can not conjure me .
i have an humor to knock you indifferently well .
o braggart vile and damnèd furious wight , the grave doth gape , and doting death is near .
an oath of mickle might , and fury shall abate .
thy spirits are most tall .
by my troth , he ’ ll yield the crow a pudding one of these days .
the king has killed his heart .
good husband , come home presently .
come , shall i make you two friends ?
let floods o'erswell and fiends for food howl on !
you ’ ll pay me the eight shillings i won of you at betting ?
base is the slave that pays .
that now i will have—that ’ s the humor of it .
by this sword , he that makes the first thrust , i ’ ll kill him .
by this sword , i will .
sword ” is an oath , and oaths must have their course .
in cash , most justly paid .
well , then , that ’ s the humor of ’ t .
as ever you come of women , come in quickly to sir john .
sweet men , come to him .
nym , thou hast spoke the right .
he passes some humors and careers .
they shall be apprehended by and by .
the king hath note of all that they intend , by interception which they dream not of .
now sits the wind fair , and we will aboard .
no doubt , my liege , if each man do his best .
never was monarch better feared and loved than is your majesty .
we judge no less.—uncle of exeter , enlarge the man committed yesterday that railed against our person .
that ’ s mercy , but too much security .
oh , let us yet be merciful .
and now to our french causes .
who are the late commissioners ?
i one , my lord .
your highness bade me ask for it today .
so did you me , my liege .
and i , my royal sovereign .
i do confess my fault , and do submit me to your highness ' mercy .
to which we all appeal .
the mercy that was quick in us but late by your own counsel is suppressed and killed .
why , so didst thou .
why , so didst thou .
come they of noble family ?
why , so didst thou .
why , so didst thou .
such and so finely bolted didst thou seem .
i arrest thee of high treason , by the name of richard , earl of cambridge .
i arrest thee of high treason , by the name of henry , lord scroop of masham .
i arrest thee of high treason , by the name of thomas grey , knight , of northumberland .
my fault , but not my body , pardon , sovereign .
god quit you in his mercy .
we doubt not now but every rub is smoothèd on our way .
then forth , dear countrymen .
no king of england if not king of france .
for falstaff , he is dead , and we must earn therefore .
he ’ s in arthur ’ s bosom , if ever man went to arthur ’ s bosom .
i hoped there was no need to trouble himself with any such thoughts yet .
they say he cried out of sack .
ay , that he did .
nay , that he did not .
a could never abide carnation .
twas a color he never liked .
he said once the devil would have him about women .
the king will be gone from southampton .
look to my chattels and my movables .
but how , my lord , shall we resist it now ?
it must be thought on .
the king is full of grace and fair regard .
and a true lover of the holy church .
and that ’ s but unwholesome food , they say .
touch her soft mouth , and march .
keep close , i thee command .
for england his approaches makes as fierce as waters to the sucking of a gulf .
oh peace , prince dauphin !
you are too much mistaken in this king .
well , ’ tis not so , my lord high constable .
but though we think it so , it is no matter .
in cases of defense ’ tis best to weigh the enemy more mighty than he seems .
ambassadors from harry king of england do crave admittance to your majesty .
we ’ ll give them present audience .
go , and bring them .
self-love , my liege , is not so vile a sin as self-neglecting .
for us , we will consider of this further .
tomorrow shall you bear our full intent back to our brother england .
for the dauphin , i stand here for him .
what to him from england ?
he ’ ll make your paris louvre shake for it , were it the mistress court of mighty europe .
tomorrow shall you know our mind at full .
you shall be soon dispatched with fair conditions .
a night is but small breath and little pause to answer matters of this consequence .
thus with imagined wing our swift scene flies in motion of no less celerity than that of thought .
play with your fancies and in them behold , upon the hempen tackle , shipboys climbing .
hear the shrill whistle , which doth order give to sounds confused .
work , work your thoughts , and therein see a siege .
behold the ordnance on their carriages , with fatal mouths gaping on girded harfleur .
suppose th ' ambassador from the french comes back , tells harry that the king doth offer him
katherine his daughter and with her , to dowry , some petty and unprofitable dukedoms .
still be kind and eke out our performance with your mind .
now attest that those whom you called fathers did beget you .
let us swear that you are worth your breeding , which i doubt not ,
we are blessèd in the change .
list his discourse of war , and you shall hear a fearful battle rendered you in music .
on , on , on , on , on !
to the breach , to the breach !
pray thee , corporal , stay .
the plainsong ” is most just , for humors do abound .
would i were in an alehouse in london !
i would give all my fame for a pot of ale , and safety .
up to the breach , you dogs !
be merciful , great duke , to men of mold .
good bawcock , 'bate thy rage .
use lenity , sweet chuck .
your honor wins bad humors .
as young as i am , i have observed these three swashers .
they will steal anything and call it purchase .
i must leave them and seek some better service .
their villainy goes against my weak stomach , and therefore i must cast it up .
by cheshu , i think he will plow up all if there is not better directions .
it is captain macmorris , is it not ?
by cheshu , he is an ass , as in the world .
i will verify as much in his beard .
here he comes , and the scots captain , captain jamy , with him .
i say gudday , captain fluellen .
godden to your worship , good captain james .
how now , captain macmorris , have you quit the mines ?
have the pioneers given o'er ?
by chrish , la , ’ tish ill done .
by my hand i swear , and my father ’ s soul , the work ish ill done .
i would have blowed up the town , so chrish save me , la , in an hour .
look how he makes to caesar .
casca , be sudden , for we fear prevention —brutus , what shall be done ?
if this be known , cassius or caesar never shall turn back , for i will slay myself .
let him go and presently prefer his suit to caesar .
press near and second him .
casca , you are the first that rears your hand .
i could be well moved if i were as you .
if i could pray to move , prayers would move me .
the skies are painted with unnumbered sparks .
wilt thou lift up olympus ?
doth not brutus bootless kneel ?
speak , hands , for me !
run hence , proclaim , cry it about the streets .
go to the pulpit , brutus .
there is no harm intended to your person , nor to no roman else .
so tell them , publius .
and let no man abide this deed but we the doers .
fled to his house amazed .
men , wives , and children stare , cry out , and run as it were doomsday .
why , he that cuts off twenty years of life cuts off so many years of fearing death .
bid every noise be still .
who is it in the press that calls on me ?
i hear a tongue , shriller than all the music , cry “ caesar ! ” —speak .
caesar is turned to hear .
beware the ides of march .
a soothsayer bids you beware the ides of march .
let me see his face .
fellow , come from the throng .
what sayst thou to me now ?
beware the ides of march .
will you go see the order of the course ?
ay , every man away .
brutus shall lead , and we will grace his heels with the most boldest and best hearts of rome .
a friend of antony ’ s .
thy master is a wise and valiant roman .
i never thought him worse .
i know that we shall have him well to friend .
but here comes antony.—welcome , mark antony .
dost thou lie so low ?
are all thy conquests , glories , triumphs , spoils , shrunk to this little measure ?
live a thousand years , i shall not find myself so apt to die .
o antony , beg not your death of us .
for your part , to you our swords have leaden points , mark antony .
your voice shall be as strong as any man ’ s in the disposing of new dignities .
i doubt not of your wisdom .
let each man render me his bloody hand .
mark antony— pardon me , caius cassius .
therefore i took your hands , but was indeed swayed from the point by looking down on caesar .
you shall , mark antony .
brutus , a word with you .
it shall advantage more than do us wrong .
mark antony , here , take you caesar ’ s body .
and you shall speak in the same pulpit whereto i am going , after my speech is ended .
i do desire no more .
prepare the body then , and follow us .
thou art the ruins of the noblest man that ever livèd in the tide of times .
woe to the hand that shed this costly blood !
domestic fury and fierce civil strife shall cumber all the parts of italy .
i do , mark antony .
caesar did write for him to come to rome .
he did receive his letters and is coming .
he lies tonight within seven leagues of rome .
post back with speed , and tell him what hath chanced .
thou shalt not back till i have borne this corse into the marketplace .
then follow me and give me audience , friends .
cassius , go you into the other street and part the numbers .
those that will hear me speak , let 'em stay here .
i will hear brutus speak .
i will hear cassius and compare their reasons when severally we hear them renderèd .
the noble brutus is ascended .
be patient till the last .
romans , countrymen , and lovers !
hear me for my cause , and be silent that you may hear .
believe me for mine honor , and have respect to mine honor that you may believe .
censure me in your wisdom , and awake your senses that you may the better judge .
as caesar loved me , i weep for him .
as he was fortunate , i rejoice at it .
as he was valiant , i honor him .
but , as he was ambitious , i slew him .
who is here so base that would be a bondman ?
if any , speak—for him have i offended .
who is here so rude that would not be a roman ?
if any , speak—for him have i offended .
who is here so vile that will not love his country ?
if any , speak—for him have i offended .
i pause for a reply .
none , brutus , none .
then none have i offended .
i have done no more to caesar than you shall do to brutus .
the question of his death is enrolled in the capitol .
his glory not extenuated wherein he was worthy , nor his offenses enforced for which he suffered death .
bring him with triumph home unto his house !
i do lack some part of that quick spirit that is in antony .
let me not hinder , cassius , your desires .
i ’ ll leave you .
cassius , be not deceived .
tell me , good brutus , can you see your face ?
caesar ’ s better parts shall be crowned in brutus !
we ’ ll bring him to his house with shouts and clamors .
my countrymen— peace , silence !
good countrymen , let me depart alone .
i do entreat you , not a man depart , save i alone , till antony have spoke .
let him go up into the public chair .
we ’ ll hear him.—noble antony , go up .
for brutus ' sake , i am beholding to you .
what does he say of brutus ?
he says for brutus ' sake he finds himself beholding to us all .
twere best he speak no harm of brutus here .
this caesar was a tyrant .
nay , that ’ s certain .
we are blest that rome is rid of him .
let us hear what antony can say .
you gentle romans— peace , ho !
friends , romans , countrymen , lend me your ears .
i come to bury caesar , not to praise him .
the evil that men do lives after them ; the good is oft interrèd with their bones .
so let it be with caesar .
the noble brutus hath told you caesar was ambitious .
if it were so , it was a grievous fault , and grievously hath caesar answered it .
he was my friend , faithful and just to me .
but brutus says he was ambitious , and brutus is an honorable man .
he hath brought many captives home to rome whose ransoms did the general coffers fill .
did this in caesar seem ambitious ?
when that the poor have cried , caesar hath wept .
ambition should be made of sterner stuff .
yet brutus says he was ambitious , and brutus is an honorable man .
i speak not to disprove what brutus spoke , but here i am to speak what i do know .
if thou consider rightly of the matter , caesar has had great wrong .
he would not take the crown .
therefore ’ tis certain he was not ambitious .
if it be found so , some will dear abide it .
his eyes are red as fire with weeping .
there ’ s not a nobler man in rome than antony .
but yesterday the word of caesar might have stood against the world .
now lies he there , and none so poor to do him reverence .
i will not do them wrong .
but here ’ s a parchment with the seal of caesar .
we ’ ll hear the will .
read it , mark antony !
the will , the will !
we will hear caesar ’ s will .
it is not meet you know how caesar loved you .
you are not wood , you are not stones , but men .
we ’ ll hear it , antony .
you shall read us the will , caesar ’ s will .
i have o'ershot myself to tell you of it .
i fear i wrong the honorable men whose daggers have stabbed caesar .
they were villains , murderers .
you will compel me , then , to read the will ?
and will you give me leave ?
room for antony , most noble antony !
nay , press not so upon me .
if you have tears , prepare to shed them now .
you all do know this mantle .
i remember the first time ever caesar put it on .
twas on a summer ’ s evening in his tent , that day he overcame the nervii .
look , in this place ran cassius ' dagger through .
see what a rent the envious casca made .
for brutus , as you know , was caesar ’ s angel .
judge , o you gods , how dearly caesar loved him !
this was the most unkindest cut of all .
o , what a fall was there , my countrymen !
then i , and you , and all of us fell down , whilst bloody treason flourished over us .
oh , now you weep , and , i perceive , you feel the dint of pity .
kind souls , what , weep you when you but behold our caesar ’ s vesture wounded ?
look you here , here is himself , marred , as you see , with traitors .
they that have done this deed are honorable .
what private griefs they have , alas , i know not , that made them do it .
they are wise and honorable , and will , no doubt , with reasons answer you .
i come not , friends , to steal away your hearts .
i only speak right on .
we ’ ll burn the house of brutus .
come , seek the conspirators .
yet hear me , countrymen .
why , friends , you go to do you know not what .
wherein hath caesar thus deserved your loves ?
alas , you know not .
i must tell you then .
you have forgot the will i told you of .
let ’ s stay and hear the will .
we ’ ll revenge his death .
he hath left them you and to your heirs forever—common pleasures , to walk abroad and recreate yourselves .
sir , octavius is already come to rome .
he and lepidus are at caesar ’ s house .
and thither will i straight to visit him .
he comes upon a wish .
fortune is merry , and in this mood will give us anything .
i heard him say , brutus and cassius are rid like madmen through the gates of rome .
belike they had some notice of the people how i had moved them .
therefore , good brutus , be prepared to hear .
and be not jealous on me , gentle brutus .
i do fear , the people choose caesar for their king .
ay , do you fear it ?
then must i think you would not have it so .
i dreamt tonight that i did feast with caesar , and things unlucky charge my fantasy .
i have no will to wander forth of doors , yet something leads me forth .
are you a married man or a bachelor ?
am i a married man or a bachelor ?
that ’ s as much as to say they are fools that marry .
you ’ ll bear me a bang for that , i fear .
directly , i am going to caesar ’ s funeral .
as a friend or an enemy ?
briefly , i dwell by the capitol .
your name , sir , truly .
truly , my name is cinna .
he ’ s a conspirator .
i am not cinna the conspirator .
his name ’ s cinna .
pluck but his name out of his heart and turn him going .
tear him , tear him !
come , brands , ho , firebrands .
to brutus ' , to cassius ' , burn all .
some to decius ' house and some to casca ’ s .
these many , then , shall die .
i do consent— prick him down , antony .
upon condition publius shall not live , who is your sister ’ s son , mark antony .
look , with a spot i damn him .
but , lepidus , go you to caesar ’ s house .
fetch the will hither , and we shall determine how to cut off some charge in legacies .
what , shall i find you here ?
or here , or at the capitol .
this is a slight , unmeritable man , meet to be sent on errands .
is it fit , the threefold world divided , he should stand one of the three to share it ?
octavius , i have seen more days than you .
you may do your will , but he ’ s a tried and valiant soldier .
so is my horse , octavius , and for that i do appoint him store of provender .
give the word , ho , and stand .
he is at hand , and pindarus is come to do you salutation from his master .
but if he be at hand i shall be satisfied .
he is not doubted.—a word , lucillius .
but not with such familiar instances nor with such free and friendly conference as he hath used of old .
thou hast described a hot friend cooling .
there are no tricks in plain and simple faith .
but hollow men , like horses hot at hand , make gallant show and promise of their mettle .
they mean this night in sardis to be quartered .
the greater part , the horse in general , are come with cassius .
march gently on to meet him .
most noble brother , you have done me wrong .
judge me , you gods !
and when you do them— cassius , be content .
then in my tent , cassius , enlarge your griefs , and i will give you audience .
pindarus , bid our commanders lead their charges off a little from this ground .
let lucius and titinius guard our door .
you wronged yourself to write in such a case .
in such a time as this it is not meet that every nice offense should bear his comment .
i “ an itching palm ” !
the name of cassius honors this corruption , and chastisement doth therefore hide his head .
remember march , the ides of march remember .
did not great julius bleed for justice ' sake ?
what villain touched his body , that did stab , and not for justice ?
i had rather be a dog and bay the moon than such a roman .
brutus , bait not me .
i ’ ll not endure it .
you forget yourself to hedge me in .
i am a soldier , i , older in practice , abler than yourself to make conditions .
you are not , cassius .
i say you are not .
urge me no more , i shall forget myself .
have mind upon your health , tempt me no further .
hear me , for i will speak .
shall i be frighted when a madman stares ?
but wherefore do you hold me here so long ?
what is it that you would impart to me ?
well , honor is the subject of my story .
i was born free as caesar .
fret till your proud heart break .
go show your slaves how choleric you are and make your bondmen tremble .
is it come to this ?
you say you are a better soldier .
make your vaunting true , and it shall please me well .
for mine own part , i shall be glad to learn of noble men .
you wrong me every way .
you wrong me , brutus .
when caesar lived , he durst not thus have moved me .
you durst not so have tempted him .
for your life you durst not .
do not presume too much upon my love .
i may do that i shall be sorry for .
you have done that you should be sorry for .
i did send to you for gold to pay my legions , which you denied me .
was that done like cassius ?
should i have answered caius cassius so ?
he was but a fool that brought my answer back .
brutus hath rived my heart .
a friend should bear his friend ’ s infirmities , but brutus makes mine greater than they are .
i do not , till you practice them on me .
i do not like your faults .
a friendly eye could never see such faults .
a flatterer ’ s would not , though they do appear as huge as high olympus .
oh , i could weep my spirit from mine eyes .
be angry when you will , it shall have scope .
do what you will , dishonor shall be humor .
when i spoke that , i was ill-tempered too .
do you confess so much ?
what ’ s the matter ?
what ’ s the matter ?
for shame , you generals !
love , and be friends as two such men should be .
for i have seen more years , i ’ m sure , than ye .
bear with him , brutus .
i ’ ll know his humor when he knows his time .
what should the wars do with these jigging fools ?
away , away , be gone .
lucillius and titinius , bid the commanders prepare to lodge their companies tonight .
and come yourselves , and bring messala with you , immediately to us .
i did not think you could have been so angry .
o cassius , i am sick of many griefs .
o insupportable and touching loss !
my heart is thirsty for that noble pledge .
fill , lucius , till the wine o'erswell the cup .
i can not drink too much of brutus ' love .
now sit we close about this taper here and call in question our necessities .
portia , art thou gone ?
no more , i pray you .
myself have letters of the selfsame tenor .
therein our letters do not well agree .
mine speak of seventy senators that died by their proscriptions , cicero being one .
cicero is dead , and by that order of proscription .
nor nothing in your letters writ of her ?
hear you aught of her in yours ?
now , as you are a roman , tell me true .
then like a roman bear the truth i tell .
for certain she is dead , and by strange manner .
why , farewell , portia .
we must die , messala .
with meditating that she must die once , i have the patience to endure it now .
even so great men great losses should endure .
well , to our work alive .
what do you think of marching to philippi presently ?
i do not think it good .
this it is : 't is better that the enemy seek us .
hear me , good brother— under your pardon .
the enemy increaseth every day .
we , at the height , are ready to decline .
then , with your will , go on .
we ’ ll along ourselves , and meet them at philippi .
there is no more to say ?
early tomorrow will we rise and hence .
never come such division ’ tween our souls .
let it not , brutus .
tis true , this god did shake !
i do believe that these applauses are for some new honors that are heaped on caesar .
men at some time are masters of their fates .
the fault , dear brutus , is not in our stars but in ourselves , that we are underlings .
brutus and caesar—what should be in that “ caesar ” ?
why should that name be sounded more than yours ?
write them together , yours is as fair a name .
sound them , it doth become the mouth as well .
good night , my lord .
good night , good brother .
good night , lord brutus .
what , thou speak ’ st drowsily ?
call claudio and some other of my men .
i ’ ll have them sleep on cushions in my tent .
i pray you , sirs , lie in my tent and sleep .
it may be i shall raise you by and by on business to my brother cassius .
so please you , we will stand and watch your pleasure .
look , lucius , here ’ s the book i sought for so .
i put it in the pocket of my gown .
i was sure your lordship did not give it me .
canst thou hold up thy heavy eyes awhile , and touch thy instrument a strain or two ?
ay , my lord , an ’ t please you .
it does , my boy .
i trouble thee too much , but thou art willing .
it is my duty , sir .
i should not urge thy duty past thy might .
i know young bloods look for a time of rest .
i have slept , my lord , already .
it was well done , and thou shalt sleep again .
i will not hold thee long .
if i do live , i will be good to thee .
this is a sleepy tune .
i will not do thee so much wrong to wake thee .
and , good boy , good night .
let me see , let me see .
is not the leaf turned down where i left reading ?
here it is , i think .
i think it is the weakness of mine eyes that shapes this monstrous apparition .
it comes upon me.—art thou any thing ?
speak to me what thou art .
thy evil spirit , brutus .
to tell thee thou shalt see me at philippi .
well , then i shall see thee again ?
why , i will see thee at philippi , then .
ill spirit , i would hold more talk with thee .
the strings , my lord , are false .
he thinks he still is at his instrument .
didst thou dream , lucius , that thou so criedst out ?
my lord , i do not know that i did cry .
yes , that thou didst .
didst thou see any thing ?
why did you so cry out , sirs , in your sleep ?
did we , my lord ?
no , my lord , i saw nothing .
nor i , my lord .
go and commend me to my brother cassius .
bid him set on his powers betimes before , and we will follow .
it shall be done , my lord .
now , antony , our hopes are answerèd .
you said the enemy would not come down but keep the hills and upper regions .
their battles are at hand .
they mean to warn us at philippi here , answering before we do demand of them .
tut , i am in their bosoms , and i know wherefore they do it .
but ’ tis not so .
the enemy comes on in gallant show .
their bloody sign of battle is hung out , and something to be done immediately .
octavius , lead your battle softly on , upon the left hand of the even field .
upon the right hand i .
why do you cross me in this exigent ?
they stand and would have parley .
we must out and talk .
mark antony , shall we give sign of battle ?
no , caesar , we will answer on their charge .
the generals would have some words .
is it so , countrymen ?
not that we love words better , as you do .
good words are better than bad strokes , octavius .
in your bad strokes , brutus , you give good words .
but for your words , they rob the hybla bees and leave them honeyless .
villains , you did not so when your vile daggers hacked one another in the sides of caesar .
flatterers ? —now , brutus , thank yourself .
when think you that the sword goes up again ?
caesar , thou canst not die by traitors ' hands unless thou bring ’ st them with thee .
i was not born to die on brutus ' sword .
a peevish schoolboy , worthless of such honor , joined with a masker and a reveler !
if you dare fight today , come to the field .
if not , when you have stomachs .
why , now , blow wind , swell billow , and swim bark !
the storm is up and all is on the hazard .
messala , this is my birthday , as this very day was cassius born .
give me thy hand , messala .
you know that i held epicurus strong and his opinion .
now i change my mind , and partly credit things that do presage .
if we do lose this battle , then is this the very last time we shall speak together .
what are you then determinèd to do ?
age , thou art shamed !
rome , thou hast lost the breed of noble bloods !
now is it rome indeed , and room enough , when there is in it but one only man .
that you do love me , i am nothing jealous .
what you would work me to , i have some aim .
how i have thought of this and of these times i shall recount hereafter .
i am glad that my weak words have struck but thus much show of fire from brutus .
then if we lose this battle you are contented to be led in triumph thorough the streets of rome ?
no , cassius , no .
think not , thou noble roman , that ever brutus will go bound to rome .
he bears too great a mind .
therefore our everlasting farewell take .
forever and forever farewell , cassius .
if we do meet again , why , we shall smile .
if not , why then this parting was well made .
forever and forever farewell , brutus .
if we do meet again , we ’ ll smile indeed .
if not , ’ tis true this parting was well made .
why then , lead on .
oh , that a man might know the end of this day ’ s business ere it come !
but it sufficeth that the day will end , and then the end is known.—come , ho !
ride , ride , messala , ride , and give these bills unto the legions on the other side .
ride , ride , messala .
myself have to mine own turned enemy .
fly further off , my lord , fly further off .
mark antony is in your tents , my lord .
fly , therefore , noble cassius , fly far off .
are those my tents where i perceive the fire ?
they are , my lord .
i will be here again , even with a thought .
go , pindarus , get higher on that hill .
my sight was ever thick .
regard titinius , and tell me what thou notest about the field .
this day i breathed first .
time is come round , and where i did begin , there shall i end .
my life is run his compass .
come down , behold no more .
come now , keep thine oath .
caesar , thou art revenged , even with the sword that killed thee .
yet would not so have been , durst i have done my will .
o cassius , far from this country pindarus shall run , where never roman shall take note of him .
these tidings will well comfort cassius .
where did you leave him ?
all disconsolate , with pindarus his bondman on this hill .
is not that he that lies upon the ground ?
he lies not like the living .
where art thou , pindarus ?
hie you , messala , and i will seek for pindarus the while .
why didst thou send me forth , brave cassius ?
did i not meet thy friends ?
and did not they put on my brows this wreath of victory and bid me give it thee ?
didst thou not hear their shouts ?
alas , thou hast misconstrued everything !
but , hold thee , take this garland on thy brow .
thy brutus bid me give it thee , and i will do his bidding .
where , where , messala , doth his body lie ?
lo , yonder , and titinius mourning it .
titinius ' face is upward .
o julius caesar , thou art mighty yet !
thy spirit walks abroad and turns our swords in our own proper entrails .
are yet two romans living such as these ?
the last of all the romans , fare thee well !
i shall find time , cassius , i shall find time .
come , therefore , and to thasos send his body .
let us to the field .
labio and flavio , set our battles on .
tis three o'clock , and , romans , yet ere night we shall try fortune in a second fight .
who will go with me ?
i will proclaim my name about the field .
i am the son of marcus cato , ho !
a foe to tyrants , and my country ’ s friend .
i am the son of marcus cato , ho !
and i am brutus , marcus brutus , i !
brutus , my country ’ s friend .
o young and noble cato , art thou down ?
only i yield to die .
there is so much that thou wilt kill me straight .
kill brutus , and be honored in his death .
tell antony brutus is ta'en .
i ’ ll tell the news .
i dare assure thee that no enemy shall ever take alive the noble brutus .
the gods defend him from so great a shame !
the games are done and caesar is returning .
casca will tell us what the matter is .
come , poor remains of friends , rest on this rock .
statilius showed the torchlight but , my lord , he came not back .
he is or ta'en or slain .
sit thee down , clitus .
what , i , my lord ?
no , not for all the world .
i ’ ll rather kill myself .
shall i do such a deed ?
come hither , good volumnius .
at sardis once , and this last night here in philippi fields .
i know my hour is come .
not so , my lord .
nay , i am sure it is , volumnius .
thou seest the world , volumnius , how it goes .
our enemies have beat us to the pit .
it is more worthy to leap in ourselves than tarry till they push us .
good volumnius , thou know ’ st that we two went to school together .
that ’ s not an office for a friend , my lord .
fly , fly , my lord .
there is no tarrying here .
farewell to you.—and you.—and you , volumnius .
strato , thou hast been all this while asleep .
so fare you well at once , for brutus ' tongue hath almost ended his life ’ s history .
night hangs upon mine eyes .
my bones would rest , that have but labored to attain this hour .
fly , my lord , fly .
i prithee , strato , stay thou by thy lord .
thou art a fellow of a good respect .
thy life hath had some smatch of honor in it .
hold then my sword and turn away thy face while i do run upon it .
give me your hand first .
free from the bondage you are in , messala .
all that served brutus , i will entertain them .
fellow , wilt thou bestow thy time with me ?
ay , if messala will prefer me to you .
do so , good messala .
how died my master , strato ?
i held the sword and he did run on it .
octavius , then take him to follow thee , that did the latest service to my master .
this was the noblest roman of them all .
all the conspirators save only he did that they did in envy of great caesar .
he only in a general honest thought and common good to all , made one of them .
within my tent his bones tonight shall lie most like a soldier , ordered honorably .
tell us what hath chanced today that caesar looks so sad .
why , you were with him , were you not ?
i should not then ask casca what had chanced .
what was the second noise for ?
why , for that too .
what was the last cry for ?
why , for that too .
was the crown offered him thrice ?
who offered him the crown ?
tell us the manner of it , gentle casca .
i can as well be hanged as tell the manner of it .
and then he offered it the third time .
but soft , i pray you .
what , did caesar swoon ?
he fell down in the marketplace , and foamed at mouth , and was speechless .
he hath the falling sickness .
no , caesar hath it not .
but you and i and honest casca , we have the falling sickness .
i know not what you mean by that , but i am sure caesar fell down .
what said he when he came unto himself ?
if caesar had stabbed their mothers they would have done no less .
and after that he came thus sad away ?
home , you idle creatures get you home !
why , sir , a carpenter .
where is thy leather apron and thy rule ?
what dost thou with thy best apparel on ?
but what trade art thou ?
what trade , thou knave ?
thou naughty knave , what trade ?
nay , i beseech you , sir , be not out with me .
yet , if you be out , sir , i can mend you .
what mean ’ st thou by that ?
mend ” me , thou saucy fellow ?
ay , he spoke greek .
but those that understood him smiled at one another and shook their heads .
but , for mine own part , it was greek to me .
i could tell you more news too .
murellus and flavius , for pulling scarfs off caesar ’ s images , are put to silence .
there was more foolery yet , if i could remember it .
will you sup with me tonight , casca ?
no , i am promised forth .
will you dine with me tomorrow ?
ay , if i be alive and your mind hold and your dinner worth the eating .
what a blunt fellow is this grown to be !
he was quick mettle when he went to school .
for this time i will leave you .
tomorrow , if you please to speak with me , i will come home to you .
or , if you will , come home to me , and i will wait for you .
till then , think of the world .
well , brutus , thou art noble .
caesar doth bear me hard , but he loves brutus .
if i were brutus now and he were cassius , he should not humor me .
and yesterday the bird of night did sit even at noon-day upon the marketplace , hooting and shrieking .
when these prodigies do so conjointly meet , let not men say , “ these are their reasons .
they are natural. ” for i believe they are portentous things unto the climate that they point upon .
indeed , it is a strange-disposèd time .
but men may construe things after their fashion , clean from the purpose of the things themselves .
comes caesar to the capitol tomorrow ?
he doth , for he did bid antonius send word to you he would be there tomorrow .
good night then , casca .
this disturbèd sky is not to walk in .
casca , by your voice .
cassius , what night is this !
a very pleasing night to honest men .
who ever knew the heavens menace so ?
those that have known the earth so full of faults .
but wherefore did you so much tempt the heavens ?
let it be who it is .
our yoke and sufferance show us womanish .
i know where i will wear this dagger then .
cassius from bondage will deliver cassius .
therein , ye gods , you make the weak most strong .
therein , ye gods , you tyrants do defeat .
but life , being weary of these worldly bars , never lacks power to dismiss itself .
so every bondman in his own hand bears the power to cancel his captivity .
and why should caesar be a tyrant then ?
i know he would not be a wolf but that he sees the romans are but sheep .
he were no lion were not romans hinds .
those that with haste will make a mighty fire begin it with weak straws .
but , o grief , where hast thou led me ?
then i know my answer must be made .
you speak to casca , and to such a man that is no fleering telltale .
there ’ s a bargain made .
and i do know by this they stay for me in pompey ’ s porch .
i do know him by his gait .
no , it is casca , one incorporate to our attempts .
am i not stayed for , cinna ?
i am glad on ’ t .
what a fearful night is this !
there ’ s two or three of us have seen strange sights .
am i not stayed for ?
o cassius , if you could but win the noble brutus to our party— be you content .
all this done , repair to pompey ’ s porch , where you shall find us .
is decius brutus and trebonius there ?
all but metellus cimber , and he ’ s gone to seek you at your house .
well , i will hie , and so bestow these papers as you bade me .
that done , repair to pompey ’ s theatre .
come , casca , you and i will yet ere day see brutus at his house .
him and his worth and our great need of him you have right well conceited .
called you , my lord ?
get me a taper in my study , lucius .
when it is lighted , come and call me here .
i will , my lord .
how that might change his nature , there ’ s the question .
it is the bright day that brings forth the adder and that craves wary walking .
why , sir , cobble you .
thou art a cobbler , art thou ?
truly , sir , all that i live by is with the awl .
when they are in great danger , i recover them .
as proper men as ever trod upon neat ’ s leather have gone upon my handiwork .
but wherefore art not in thy shop today ?
why dost thou lead these men about the streets ?
truly , sir , to wear out their shoes to get myself into more work .
what conquest brings he home ?
what tributaries follow him to rome to grace in captive bonds his chariot wheels ?
th ' abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power .
then , lest he may , prevent .
the taper burneth in your closet , sir .
get you to bed again .
is not tomorrow , boy , the ides of march ?
i know not , sir .
look in the calendar and bring me word .
sir , march is wasted fifteen days .
since cassius first did whet me against caesar , i have not slept .
o conspiracy , shamest thou to show thy dangerous brow by night when evils are most free ?
o , then by day where wilt thou find a cavern dark enough to mask thy monstrous visage ?
hide it in smiles and affability .
i think we are too bold upon your rest .
i have been up this hour , awake all night .
know i these men that come along with you ?
and this , metellus cimber .
what watchful cares do interpose themselves betwixt your eyes and night ?
shall i entreat a word ?
doth not the day break here ?
you shall confess that you are both deceived .
and let us swear our resolution .
no , not an oath .
so let high-sighted tyranny range on till each man drop by lottery .
what other bond than secret romans that have spoke the word and will not palter ?
swear priests and cowards and men cautelous , old feeble carrions and such suffering souls that welcome wrongs .
unto bad causes swear such creatures as men doubt .
i think he will stand very strong with us .
let us not leave him out .
no , by no means .
it shall be said his judgment ruled our hands .
o , name him not .
let us not break with him , for he will never follow anything that other men begin .
indeed he is not fit .
i think it is not meet mark antony , so well beloved of caesar , should outlive caesar .
we shall find of him a shrewd contriver .
let us be sacrificers but not butchers , caius .
oh , that we then could come by caesar ’ s spirit and not dismember caesar !
but , alas , caesar must bleed for it .
and , gentle friends , let ’ s kill him boldly but not wrathfully .
and that were much he should , for he is given to sports , to wildness and much company .
there is no fear in him .
the clock hath stricken three .
if he be so resolved , i can o'ersway him .
but when i tell him he hates flatterers , he says he does , being then most flatterèd .
for i can give his humor the true bent , and i will bring him to the capitol .
nay , we will all of us be there to fetch him .
caius ligarius doth bear caesar hard , who rated him for speaking well of pompey .
i wonder none of you have thought of him .
now , good metellus , go along by him .
he loves me well , and i have given him reasons .
send him but hither and i ’ ll fashion him .
the morning comes upon ’ s .
we ’ ll leave you , brutus .
and , friends , disperse yourselves .
but all remember what you have said , and show yourselves true romans .
good gentlemen , look fresh and merrily .
and so good morrow to you every one .
enjoy the honey-heavy dew of slumber .
therefore thou sleep ’ st so sound .
portia , what mean you ?
it is not for your health thus to commit your weak condition to the raw , cold morning .
y ' have ungently , brutus , stole from my bed .
i urged you further , then you scratched your head and too impatiently stamped with your foot .
dear my lord , make me acquainted with your cause of grief .
and do you now strew flowers in his way that comes in triumph over pompey ’ s blood ?
go you down that way towards the capitol .
this way will i. disrobe the images if you do find them decked with ceremonies .
i ’ ll about and drive away the vulgar from the streets .
so do you too , where you perceive them thick .
i am not well in health , and that is all .
why , so i do .
good portia , go to bed .
and is it physical to walk unbracèd and suck up the humors of the dank morning ?
kneel not , gentle portia .
if this were true , then should i know this secret .
i grant i am a woman , but withal a woman that lord brutus took to wife .
i grant i am a woman , but withal a woman well-reputed , cato ’ s daughter .
think you i am no stronger than my sex , being so fathered and so husbanded ?
i will not disclose 'em .
i have made strong proof of my constancy , giving myself a voluntary wound here in the thigh .
can i bear that with patience , and not my husband ’ s secrets ?
o ye gods , render me worthy of this noble wife !
lucius , who ’ s that knocking ?
he is a sick man that would speak with you .
would you were not sick !
i am not sick if brutus have in hand any exploit worthy the name of honor .
such an exploit have i in hand , ligarius , had you a healthful ear to hear of it .
a piece of work that will make sick men whole .
but are not some whole that we must make sick ?
nor heaven nor earth have been at peace tonight .
thrice hath calphurnia in her sleep cried out , “ help , ho !
they murder caesar ! ” —who ’ s within ?
go bid the priests do present sacrifice and bring me their opinions of success .
i will , my lord .
what mean you , caesar ?
think you to walk forth ?
you shall not stir out of your house today .
the things that threatened me ne'er looked but on my back .
when they shall see the face of caesar , they are vanishèd .
caesar , i never stood on ceremonies , yet now they fright me .
a lioness hath whelpèd in the streets , and graves have yawned and yielded up their dead .
these things are beyond all use , and i do fear them .
what can be avoided whose end is purposed by the mighty gods ?
yet caesar shall go forth , for these predictions are to the world in general as to caesar .
when beggars die there are no comets seen .
the heavens themselves blaze forth the death of princes .
cowards die many times before their deaths .
the valiant never taste of death but once .
they would not have you to stir forth today .
plucking the entrails of an offering forth , they could not find a heart within the beast .
the gods do this in shame of cowardice .
caesar should be a beast without a heart if he should stay at home today for fear .
no , caesar shall not .
we are two lions littered in one day , and i the elder and more terrible .
and caesar shall go forth .
alas , my lord , your wisdom is consumed in confidence .
do not go forth today .
call it my fear that keeps you in the house , and not your own .
mark antony shall say i am not well , and for thy humor i will stay at home .
here ’ s decius brutus .
he shall tell them so .
good morrow , worthy caesar .
i come to fetch you to the senate house .
shall caesar send a lie ?
have i in conquest stretched mine arm so far to be afraid to tell graybeards the truth ?
decius , go tell them caesar will not come .
the cause is in my will .
that is enough to satisfy the senate .
but for your private satisfaction , because i love you , i will let you know .
calphurnia here , my wife , stays me at home .
this dream is all amiss interpreted .
it was a vision fair and fortunate .
this by calphurnia ’ s dream is signified .
and this way have you well expounded it .
i have , when you have heard what i can say .
and know it now : the senate have concluded to give this day a crown to mighty caesar .
if you shall send them word you will not come , their minds may change .
how foolish do your fears seem now , calphurnia !
i am ashamèd i did yield to them .
give me my robe , for i will go .
and look , where publius is come to fetch me .
what is ’ t o'clock ?
caesar , ’ tis strucken eight .
i thank you for your pains and courtesy .
so to most noble caesar .
i am to blame to be thus waited for .
now , cinna.—now , metellus.—what , trebonius , i have an hour ’ s talk in store for you .
remember that you call on me today .
be near me , that i may remember you .
good friends , go in and taste some wine with me .
and we , like friends , will straightway go together .
when caesar says , “ do this , ” it is performed .
set on , and leave no ceremony out .
caesar , beware of brutus .
have an eye to cinna .
decius brutus loves thee not .
thou hast wronged caius ligarius .
there is but one mind in all these men , and it is bent against caesar .
if thou beest not immortal , look about you .
security gives way to conspiracy .
the mighty gods defend thee !
if thou read this , o caesar , thou mayst live .
if not , the fates with traitors do contrive .
i prithee , boy , run to the senate house .
stay not to answer me , but get thee gone .
i would have had thee there and here again ere i can tell thee what thou shouldst do there .
madam , what should i do ?
run to the capitol , and nothing else ?
and so return to you , and nothing else ?
yes , bring me word , boy , if thy lord look well , for he went sickly forth .
and take good note what caesar doth , what suitors press to him .
i hear none , madam .
sooth , madam , i hear nothing .
which way hast thou been ?
at mine own house , good lady .
what is ’ t o'clock ?
about the ninth hour , lady .
is caesar yet gone to the capitol ?
i go to take my stand to see him pass on to the capitol .
thou hast some suit to caesar , hast thou not ?
that i have , lady .
why , know ’ st thou any harm ’ s intended towards him ?
none that i know will be ; much that i fear may chance .
here the street is narrow .
ay , caesar , but not gone .
o caesar , read mine first , for mine ’ s a suit that touches caesar nearer .
read it , great caesar .
what touches us ourself shall be last served .
what , is the fellow mad ?
what ’ s the matter here ?
keep peace , upon your lives .
he dies that strikes again .
the messengers from our sister and the king .
i am scarce in breath , my lord .
thou art a strange fellow .
a tailor make a man ?
ay , a tailor , sir .
you beastly knave , know you no reverence ?
yes , sir , but anger hath a privilege .
smile you my speeches as i were a fool ?
why , art thou mad , old fellow ?
why dost thou call him “ knave ” ?
what ’ s his offense ?
his countenance likes me not .
no more perchance does mine , nor his , nor hers .
he can not flatter , he .
an honest mind and plain , he must speak truth .
an they will take it , so .
if not , he ’ s plain .
to go out of my dialect , which you discommend so much .
i know , sir , i am no flatterer .
i never gave him any .
none of these rogues and cowards but ajax is their fool .
call not your stocks for me .
i serve the king , on whose employment i was sent to you .
as i have life and honor , there shall he sit till noon .
till night , my lord , and all night too .
why , madam , if i were your father ’ s dog , you should not use me so .
sir , being his knave , i will .
this is a fellow of the selfsame color our sister speaks of.—come , bring away the stocks !
let me beseech your grace not to do so .
his fault is much , and the good king his master will check him for ’ t .
i ’ ll answer that .
i am sorry for thee , friend .
i ’ ll entreat for thee .
pray you do not , sir .
a good man ’ s fortune may grow out at heels .
the duke ’ s to blame in this .
obey you , love you , and most honor you .
sure , i shall never marry like my sisters , to love my father all .
but goes thy heart with this ?
ay , good my lord .
so young and so untender ?
so young , my lord , and true .
thy truth then be thy dower .
good my liege— peace , kent .
i heard myself proclaimed , and by the happy hollow of a tree escaped the hunt .
no port is free , no place that guard and most unusual vigilance does not attend my taking .
poor turlygod ! ” “ poor tom ! ” — that ’ s something yet .
tis strange that they should so depart from home , and not send back my messenger .
as i learned , the night before there was no purpose in them of this remove .
makest thou this shame thy pastime ?
look , he wears cruel garters .
it is both he and she : your son and daughter .
no , no , they would not .
they could not , would not do ’ t .
tis worse than murder to do upon respect such violent outrage .
my lord , when at their home i did commend your highness ' letters to them .
he raised the house with loud and coward cries .
your son and daughter found this trespass worth the shame which here it suffers .
fathers that wear rags do make their children blind .
but fathers that bear bags shall see their children kind .
fortune , that arrant whore , ne'er turns the key to th ' poor .
o , how this mother swells up toward my heart !
with the earl , sir , here within .
made you no more offense but what you speak of ?
how chance the king comes with so small a train ?
but the great one that goes up the hill , let him draw thee after .
when a wise man gives thee better counsel , give me mine again .
i would have none but knaves follow it since a fool gives it .
and let the wise man fly .
where learned you this , fool ?
not i ' th ' stocks , fool .
deny to speak with me ?
the images of revolt and flying off .
vengeance , plague , death , confusion !
why , gloucester , gloucester , i ’ d speak with the duke of cornwall and his wife .
well , my good lord , i have informed them so .
dost thou understand me , man ?
ay , my good lord .
the king would speak with cornwall .
are they “ informed ” of this ?
the “ fiery ” duke ?
tell the hot duke that lear— no , but not yet .
maybe he is not well .
i would have all well betwixt you .
o me , my heart , my rising heart !
good morrow to you both .
i am glad to see your highness .
regan , i think you are .
belovèd regan , thy sister ’ s naught .
o regan , she hath tied sharp-toothed unkindness , like a vulture , here .
i pray you , sir , take patience .
say , how is that ?
i can not think my sister in the least would fail her obligation .
o sir , you are old .
nature in you stands on the very verge of his confine .
you should be ruled and led by some discretion that discerns your state better than you yourself .
therefore i pray you that to our sister you do make return .
say you have wronged her , sir .
return you to my sister .
fie , sir , fie !
you nimble lightnings , dart your blinding flames into her scornful eyes !
infect her beauty , you fen-sucked fogs drawn by the powerful sun , to fall and blister !
so will you wish on me when the rash mood is on .
her eyes are fierce , but thine do comfort and not burn .
thy half o ' th ' kingdom hast thou not forgot , wherein i thee endowed .
good sir , to the purpose .
call burgundy.— cornwall and albany , with my two daughters ' dowers digest this third .
let pride , which she calls plainness , marry her .
let it fall rather , though the fork invade the region of my heart .
be kent unmannerly when lear is mad .
what wouldst thou do , old man ?
think ’ st thou that duty shall have dread to speak when power to flattery bows ?
to plainness honor ’ s bound when majesty falls to folly .
what trumpet ’ s that ?
i know ’ t—my sister ’ s .
this approves her letter that she would soon be here .
regan , i have good hope thou didst not know on ’ t.—who comes here ?
o regan , wilt thou take her by the hand ?
i set him there , sir , but his own disorders deserved much less advancement .
i pray you , father , being weak , seem so .
i am now from home , and out of that provision which shall be needful for your entertainment .
return to her , and fifty men dismissed ?
persuade me rather to be slave and sumpter to this detested groom .
at your choice , sir .
now , i prithee , daughter , do not make me mad .
i will not trouble thee , my child .
we ’ ll no more meet , no more see one another .
thou art a boil , a plague-sore or embossèd carbuncle in my corrupted blood .
but i ’ ll not chide thee .
i do not bid the thunder-bearer shoot , nor tell tales of thee to high-judging jove .
be better at thy leisure .
i can stay with regan , i and my hundred knights .
not altogether so , sir .
i looked not for you yet , nor am provided for your fit welcome .
give ear , sir , to my sister .
i dare avouch it , sir .
how , in one house , should many people under two commands hold amity ?
tis hard ; almost impossible .
why not , my lord ?
if then they chanced to slack you , we could control them .
to no more will i give place or notice .
i gave you all— and in good time you gave it .
made you my guardians , my depositaries , but kept a reservation to be followed with such a number .
what , must i come to you with five and twenty , regan ?
and speak ’ t again , my lord .
not being the worst stands in some rank of praise .
hear me , my lord .
o , reason not the need !
but , for true need— you heavens , give me that patience , patience i need .
no , you unnatural hags ,
you think i ’ ll weep ?
no , i ’ ll not weep .
the old man and his people can not be well bestowed .
hath put himself from rest , and must needs taste his folly .
where is my lord of gloucester ?
followed the old man forth .
he calls to horse , but will i know not whither .
tis best to give him way .
for many miles about there ’ s scarce a bush .
o sir , to wilful men , the injuries that they themselves procure must be their schoolmasters .
he is attended with a desperate train .
and what they may incense him to , being apt to have his ear abused , wisdom bids fear .
shut up your doors , my lord .
come out o ' th ' storm .
who ’ s there , besides foul weather ?
one minded like the weather , most unquietly .
where ’ s the king ?
contending with the fretful elements .
strives in his little world of man to outscorn the to-and-fro–conflicting wind and rain .
but who is with him ?
none but the fool , who labors to outjest his heart-struck injuries .
i will talk further with you .
have you no more to say ?
you cataracts and hurricanoes , spout till you have drenched our steeples , drowned the cocks !
you sulfurous and thought-executing fires , vaunt-couriers of oak-cleaving thunderbolts , singe my white head !
o nuncle , court holy water in a dry house is better than this rainwater out o ' door .
good nuncle , in , and ask thy daughters blessing .
here ’ s a night pities neither wise man nor fool .
nor rain , wind , thunder , fire are my daughters .
i tax not you , you elements , with unkindness .
why then , let fall your horrible pleasure .
here i stand , your slave— a poor , infirm , weak , and despised old man .
he that has a house to put ’ s head in has a good headpiece .
kent , on thy life , no more .
see better , lear , and let me still remain the true blank of thine eye .
now , by apollo— now , by apollo , king , thou swear ’ st thy gods in vain .
for there was never yet fair woman but she made mouths in a glass .
no , i will be the pattern of all patience .
marry , here ’ s grace and a codpiece—that ’ s a wise man and a fool .
let the great gods that keep this dreadful pudder o'er our heads find out their enemies now .
some friendship will it lend you 'gainst the tempest .
my wits begin to turn.— come on , my boy .
true , my good boy.—come , bring us to this hovel .
i ’ ll speak a prophecy ere i go .
then comes the time , who lives to see ’ t , that going shall be used with feet .
this prophecy merlin shall make , for i live before his time .
alack , alack , edmund , i like not this unnatural dealing .
go to , say you nothing .
there ’ s a division betwixt the dukes .
tis dangerous to be spoken .
i have locked the letter in my closet .
these injuries the king now bears will be revenged home .
there ’ s part of a power already footed .
we must incline to the king .
i will look him and privily relieve him .
go you and maintain talk with the duke , that my charity be not of him perceived .
if he ask for me , i am ill and gone to bed .
though i die for it—as no less is threatened me—the king my old master must be relieved .
there is some strange thing toward , edmund .
pray you , be careful .
this courtesy , forbid thee , shall the duke instantly know , and of that letter too .
the younger rises when the old doth fall .
here is the place , my lord .
good my lord , enter .
the tyranny of the open night ’ s too rough for nature to endure .
good my lord , enter here .
i had rather break mine own .
good my lord , enter .
thou think ’ st ’ tis much that this contentious storm invades us to the skin .
so ’ tis to thee .
but where the greater malady is fixed the lesser is scarce felt .
when the mind ’ s free , the body ’ s delicate .
the tempest in my mind doth from my senses take all feeling else save what beats there—filial ingratitude .
is it not as this mouth should tear this hand for lifting food to ’ t ?
but i will punish home .
no , i will weep no more .
in such a night to shut me out !
pour on , i will endure .
in such a night as this !
good my lord , enter here .
prithee , go in thyself .
this tempest will not give me leave to ponder on things would hurt me more .
but i ’ ll go in .
come not in here , nuncle .
here ’ s a spirit .
help me , help me !
a spirit , a spirit .
he says his name ’ s poor tom .
what art thou that dost grumble there i ' th ' straw ?
the foul fiend follows me !
through the sharp hawthorn blows the cold wind .
go to thy cold bed and warm thee .
didst thou give all to thy two daughters , and art thou come to this ?
oh , do-de , do-de , do-de .
bless thee from whirlwinds , star-blasting , and taking !
do poor tom some charity , whom the foul fiend vexes .
there could i have him now—and there—and there again—and there .
what , has his daughters brought him to this pass ? — couldst thou save nothing ?
wouldst thou give 'em all ?
nay , he reserved a blanket , else we had been all shamed .
he hath no daughters , sir .
nothing could have subdued nature to such a lowness but his unkind daughters .
is it the fashion that discarded fathers should have thus little mercy on their flesh ?
twas this flesh begot those pelican daughters .
this cold night will turn us all to fools and madmen .
take heed o ' th ' foul fiend .
tom ’ s a- cold .
wine loved i deeply , dice dearly , and in woman outparamoured the turk .
thou art the thing itself .
prithee , nuncle , be contented .
tis a naughty night to swim in .
look , here comes a walking fire .
this is the foul fiend flibbertigibbet .
he begins at curfew and walks till the first cock .
and aroint thee , witch , aroint thee !
what is ’ t you seek ?
modo he ’ s called , and mahu .
poor tom ’ s a-cold .
my duty can not suffer to obey in all your daughters ' hard commands .
first let me talk with this philosopher.—
by jupiter , this shall not be revoked .
why , fare thee well , king .
here ’ s france and burgundy , my noble lord .
we first address towards you , who with this king hath rivaled for our daughter .
let me ask you one word in private .
his daughters seek his death .
ah , that good kent— he said it would be thus , poor banished man .
thou say ’ st the king grows mad .
i ’ ll tell thee , friend , i am almost mad myself .
i had a son , now outlawed from my blood .
he sought my life , but lately , very late .
i loved him , friend— no father his son dearer .
what a night ’ s this !
o , cry your mercy , sir.— tom ’ s a-cold .
come let ’ s in all .
this way , my lord .
i will have my revenge ere i depart his house .
how malicious is my fortune , that i must repent to be just !
go with me to the duchess .
if the matter of this paper be certain , you have mighty business in hand .
true or false , it hath made thee earl of gloucester .
i will lay trust upon thee , and thou shalt find a dearer father in my love .
here is better than the open air .
i will piece out the comfort with what addition i can .
i will not be long from you .
all the power of his wits have given way to his impatience .
the gods reward your kindness !
a king , a king !
to have a thousand with red burning spits come hissing in upon 'em !
the foul fiend bites my back .
the foul fiend haunts poor tom in the voice of a nightingale .
hoppedance cries in tom ’ s belly for two white herring .
croak not , black angel .
i have no food for thee .
i here take my oath before this honorable assembly , she kicked the poor king her father .
she can not deny it .
and here ’ s another , whose warped looks proclaim what store her heart is made on .
arms , arms , sword , fire , corruption in the place !
false justicer , why hast thou let her ’ scape ?
they ’ ll mar my counterfeiting .
the little dogs and all , tray , blanch , and sweetheart—see , they bark at me .
tom will throw his head at them.—avaunt , you curs !
tooth that poisons if it bite , mastiff , greyhound , mongrel grim ,
hound or spaniel , brach or him , bobtail tyke or trundle-tail— tom will make them weep and wail .
for with throwing thus my head , dogs leap the hatch , and all are fled .
be thy mouth or black or white , do-de , de-de .
come , march to wakes and fairs and market towns .
poor tom , thy horn is dry .
is there any cause in nature that makes these hard hearts ?
now , good my lord , lie here and rest awhile .
make no noise , make no noise .
draw the curtains—so , so , so .
we ’ ll go to supper i ' th ' morning .
so , so , so .
and i ’ ll go to bed at noon .
here , sir , but trouble him not .
good friend , i prithee , take him in thy arms .
there is a litter ready .
come , help to bear thy master .
come , come , away .
when we our betters see bearing our woes , we scarcely think our miseries our foes .
who alone suffers , suffers most i ' th ' mind , leaving free things and happy shows behind .
but then the mind much sufferance doth o'erskip when grief hath mates and bearing fellowship .
what will hap more tonight , safe ’ scape the king !
leave him to my displeasure.—edmund , keep you our sister company .
the revenges we are bound to take upon your traitorous father are not fit for your beholding .
advise the duke where you are going , to a most festinate preparation .
we are bound to the like .
our posts shall be swift and intelligent betwixt us.—farewell , dear sister .
where ’ s the king ?
my lord of gloucester hath conveyed him hence .
get horses for your mistress .
farewell , sweet lord , and sister .
go seek the traitor gloucester .
pinion him like a thief , bring him before us .
ingrateful fox , ’ tis he .
bind fast his corky arms .
good my friends , consider you are my guests .
do me no foul play , friends .
bind him , i say .
most royal majesty , i crave no more than hath your highness offered .
nor will you tender less .
sir , there she stands .
hard , hard.—o filthy traitor !
unmerciful lady as you are , i ’ m none .
so white , and such a traitor ?
naughty lady , these hairs which thou dost ravish from my chin will quicken and accuse thee .
with robbers ' hands my hospitable favors you should not ruffle thus .
come , sir , what letters had you late from france ?
be simple-answered , for we know the truth .
and what confederacy have you with the traitors late footed in the kingdom ?
to whose hands you have sent the lunatic king .
where hast thou sent the king ?
wast thou not charged at peril— wherefore to dover ? —let him first answer that .
i am tied to th ' stake , and i must stand the course .
wherefore to dover , sir ?
yet poor old heart , he holp the heavens to rain .
but i shall see the wingèd vengeance overtake such children .
he that will think to live till he be old , give me some help !
one side will mock another—th ' other too .
but better service have i never done you than now to bid you hold .
how now , you dog ?
if you did wear a beard upon your chin , i ’ d shake it on this quarrel .
nay then , come on , and take the chance of anger .
where is thy luster now ?
where ’ s my son edmund ?
thou call ’ st on him that hates thee .
go thrust him out at gates , and let him smell his way to dover .
i have received a hurt .
follow me , lady.— turn out that eyeless villain .
throw this slave upon the dunghill.—regan , i bleed apace .
i ’ ll never care what wickedness i do , if this man come to good .
let ’ s follow the old earl , and get the bedlam to lead him where he would .
his roguish madness allows itself to any thing .
i ’ ll fetch some flax and whites of eggs to apply to his bleeding face .
the lamentable change is from the best ; the worst returns to laughter .
welcome , then , thou unsubstantial air that i embrace !
my father , poorly led ?
world , world , o world !
but that thy strange mutations make us hate thee , life would not yield to age .
i have been your tenant and your father ’ s tenant these fourscore years .
away , get thee away .
good friend , be gone .
alack , sir , you can not see your way .
i have no way , and therefore want no eyes .
i stumbled when i saw .
full oft ’ tis seen , our means secure us and our mere defects prove our commodities .
my son came then into my mind , and yet my mind was then scarce friends with him .
i have heard more since .
is that the naked fellow ?
alack , sir , he is mad .
tis the time ’ s plague when madmen lead the blind .
do as i bid thee .
or rather , do thy pleasure .
sirrah , naked fellow— poor tom ’ s a-cold .
know ’ st thou the way to dover ?
poor tom hath been scared out of his good wits .
so bless thee , master .
there is a cliff , whose high and bending head looks fearfully in the confinèd deep .
from that place i shall no leading need .
poor tom shall lead thee .
i marvel our mild husband not met us on the way .
now , where ’ s your master ?
go to , go to .
better thou hadst not been born than not t ' have pleased me better .
love ’ s not love when it is mingled with regards that stands aloof from th ' entire point .
she is herself a dowry .
yours in the ranks of death .
oh , the difference of man and man !
to thee a woman ’ s services are due .
my fool usurps my body .
madam , here comes my lord .
i have been worth the whistle .
o goneril , you are not worth the dust which the rude wind blows in your face .
that nature , which contemns its origin can not be bordered certain in itself .
she that herself will sliver and disbranch from her material sap perforce must wither and come to deadly use .
wisdom and goodness to the vile seem vile .
tigers , not daughters , what have you performed ?
could my good brother suffer you to do it— a man , a prince by him so benefited ?
where ’ s thy drum ?
thou changèd and self-covered thing , for shame !
howe'er thou art a fiend , a woman ’ s shape doth shield thee .
marry , your manhood , mew !
but oh , poor gloucester— lost he his other eye ?
both , both , my lord.— this letter , madam , craves a speedy answer .
one way i like this well .
come with my lady hither .
no , my good lord .
ay , my good lord .
tell me what more thou know ’ st .
why the king of france is so suddenly gone back know you the reason ?
who hath he left behind him general ?
the marshal of france , monsieur la far .
did your letters pierce the queen to any demonstration of grief ?
o , then it moved her ?
in brief , sorrow would be a rarity most beloved if all could so become it .
made she no verbal question ?
shame of ladies , sisters !
kent , father , sisters !
what , i ' th ' storm , i ' th ' night ?
then away she started to deal with grief alone .
you spoke not with her since ?
was this before the king returned ?
a sovereign shame so elbows him .
these things sting his mind so venomously that burning shame detains him from cordelia .
of albany ’ s and cornwall ’ s powers you heard not ?
well , sir , i ’ ll bring you to our master lear and leave you to attend him .
some dear cause will in concealment wrap me up awhile .
when i am known aright you shall not grieve lending me this acquaintance .
i pray you , go along with me .
alack , ’ tis he .
search every acre in the high-grown field , and bring him to our eye .
there is means , madam .
all blessed secrets , all you unpublished virtues of the earth , spring with my tears .
be aidant and remediate in the good man ’ s distress .
the british powers are marching hitherward .
our preparation stands in expectation of them .
o dear father , it is thy business that i go about .
therefore great france my mourning and importuned tears hath pitied .
no blown ambition doth our arms incite , but love—dear love ! —and our aged father ’ s right .
soon may i hear and see him .
but are my brother ’ s powers set forth ?
madam , with much ado .
your sister is the better soldier .
lord edmund spake not with your lord at home ?
what might import my sister ’ s letter to him ?
i know not , lady .
faith , he is posted hence on serious matter .
it was great ignorance , gloucester ’ s eyes being out , to let him live .
where he arrives he moves all hearts against us .
i must needs after him , madam , with my letter .
our troops set forth tomorrow .
since that respects and fortunes are his love , i shall not be his wife .
bid farewell to your sisters .
i may not , madam .
my lady charged my duty in this business .
why should she write to edmund ?
belike some things—i know not what .
madam , i had rather— i know your lady does not love her husband .
i am sure of that .
and at her late being here she gave strange oeillades and most speaking looks to noble edmund .
i know you are of her bosom .
therefore i do advise you , take this note .
when shall we come to th ' top of that same hill ?
methinks the ground is even .
why then , your other senses grow imperfect by your eyes ' anguish .
so may it be indeed .
methinks thy voice is altered , and thou speak ’ st in better phrase and matter than thou didst .
you ’ re much deceived .
in nothing am i changed but in my garments .
methinks you ’ re better spoken .
here ’ s the place .
how fearful and dizzy ’ tis to cast one ’ s eyes so low !
the crows and choughs that wing the midway air show scarce so gross as beetles .
halfway down hangs one that gathers samphire—dreadful trade !
and yon tall anchoring bark ,
the murmuring surge that on th ' unnumbered idle pebbles chafes can not be heard so high .
set me where you stand .
you are now within a foot of th ' extreme verge .
now fare you well , good sir .
away , and let me die .
ten masts at each make not the altitude which thou hast perpendicularly fell .
thy life ’ s a miracle .
but have i fall ' n , or no ?
from the dread summit of this chalky bourn .
the shrill-gorged lark so far can not be seen or heard .
twas yet some comfort when misery could beguile the tyrant ’ s rage and frustrate his proud will .
too well , too well .
this is above all strangeness .
upon the crown o ' th ' cliff , what thing was that which parted from you ?
as i stood here below , methought his eyes were two full moons .
he had a thousand noses , horns whelked and waved like the enragèd sea .
that thing you speak of , i took it for a man .
bear free and patient thoughts .
i am the king himself .
look , look , a mouse !
peace , this piece of toasted cheese will do ’ t .
o , well flown , bird .
i ' th ' clout , i ' th ' clout .
goneril with a white beard ?
go to , they are not men o ' their words .
they told me i was everything .
the trick of that voice i do well remember .
is ’ t not the king ?
ay , every inch a king .
i pardon that man ’ s life .
the wren goes to ’ t , and the small gilded fly does lecher in my sight .
to ’ t , luxury , pell-mell—for i lack soldiers .
down from the waist they are centaurs , though women all above .
there ’ s money for thee .
o , let me kiss that hand !
let me wipe it first .
i remember thine eyes well enough .
dost thou squiny at me ?
what , with the case of eyes ?
oh ho , are you there with me ?
no eyes in your head , nor no money in your purse ?
a man may see how this world goes with no eyes .
see how yon justice rails upon yon simple thief .
thou hast seen a farmer ’ s dog bark at a beggar ?
and the creature run from the cur ?
there thou mightst behold the great image of authority : a dog ’ s obeyed in office .
thou rascal beadle , hold thy bloody hand .
why dost thou lash that whore ?
thou hotly lust ’ st to use her in that kind for which thou whipp ’ st her .
the usurer hangs the cozener .
none does offend—none , i say , none .
i ’ ll able 'em .
if thou wilt weep my fortunes , take my eyes .
i know thee well enough .
thou know ’ st the first time that we smell the air we wawl and cry .
i will preach to thee .
alack , alack the day !
when we are born , we cry that we are come to this great stage of fools .
it were a delicate stratagem to shoe a troop of horse with felt .
i ’ ll put ’ t in proof .
i am even the natural fool of fortune .
i am cut to th ' brains .
i will die bravely , like a smug bridegroom .
what , i will be jovial .
i am a king , my masters , know you that ?
you are a royal one , and we obey you .
then there ’ s life in ’ t .
a sight most pitiful in the meanest wretch , past speaking of in a king .
what ’ s your will ?
do you hear aught , sir , of a battle toward ?
everyone hears that that can distinguish sound .
but , by your favor , how near ’ s the other army ?
near and on speedy foot .
the main descry stands in the hourly thought .
i thank you , sir .
but yet , alas , stood i within his grace , i would prefer him to a better place .
so farewell to you both .
prescribe not us our duty .
time shall unfold what plighted cunning hides , who covers faults at last with shame derides .
come , my fair cordelia .
sister , it is not a little i have to say of what most nearly appertains to us both .
i think our father will hence tonight .
that ’ s most certain , and with you .
you see how full of changes his age is .
though that the queen on special cause is here , her army is moved on .
i thank you , sir .
you ever gentle gods , take my breath from me .
let not my worser spirit tempt me again to die before you please .
well pray you , father .
now , good sir , what are you ?
the bounty and the benison of heaven to boot and boot .
that eyeless head of thine was first framed flesh to raise my fortunes .
thou old unhappy traitor , briefly thyself remember .
now let thy friendly hand put strength enough to ’ t .
wherefore , bold peasant , darest thou support a published traitor ?
hence , lest that th ' infection of his fortune take like hold on thee .
chill not let go , zir , without vurther 'casion .
let go , slave , or thou diest !
chill pick your teeth , zir .
come , no matter vor your foins .
if ever thou wilt thrive , bury my body .
i know thee well—a serviceable villain , as duteous to the vices of thy mistress as badness would desire .
what , is he dead ?
let ’ s see these pockets .
the letters that he speaks of may be my friends .
i am only sorry he had no other death ’ s-man .
leave , gentle wax , and , manners , blame us not .
their papers is more lawful .
let our reciprocal vows be remembered .
far off methinks i hear the beaten drum .
come , father , i ’ ll bestow you with a friend .
o thou good kent , how shall i live and work to match thy goodness ?
my life will be too short , and every measure fail me .
to be acknowledged , madam , is o'erpaid .
all my reports go with the modest truth , nor more , nor clipped , but so .
i prithee , put them off .
my boon i make it that you know me not till time and i think meet .
then be ’ t so , my good lord.— how does the king ?
so please your majesty that we may wake the king ?
be by , good madam , when we do awake him .
i doubt not of his temperance .
please you , draw near.—louder the music there !
had you not been their father , these white flakes did challenge pity of them .
tis wonder that thy life and wits at once had not concluded all.—he wakes .
how does my royal lord ?
you do me wrong to take me out o ' th ' grave .
sir , do you know me ?
you are a spirit , i know .
i should ev ' n die with pity to see another thus .
i know not what to say .
i will not swear these are my hands .
would i were assured of my condition .
pray , do not mock me .
i am a very foolish fond old man , fourscore and upward , not an hour more nor less .
and to deal plainly i fear i am not in my perfect mind .
methinks i should know you , and know this man .
nor i know not where i did lodge last night .
and so i am , i am .
i pray , weep not .
if you have poison for me , i will drink it .
you have some cause ; they have not .
no cause , no cause .
in your own kingdom , sir .
be comforted , good madam .
the great rage , you see , is killed in him .
and yet it is danger to make him even o'er the time he has lost .
desire him to go in .
trouble him no more till further settling .
will ’ t please your highness walk ?
you must bear with me .
pray you now , forget and forgive .
i am old and foolish .
holds it true , sir , that the duke of cornwall was so slain ?
who is conductor of his people ?
as ’ tis said , the bastard son of gloucester .
they say edgar , his banished son , is with the earl of kent in germany .
tis time to look about .
the powers of the kingdom approach apace .
the arbitrament is like to be bloody .
fare you well , sir .
tis to be doubted , madam .
now , sweet lord , you know the goodness i intend upon you .
tell me but truly—but then speak the truth— do you not love my sister ?
i am doubtful that you have been conjunct and bosomed with her as far as we call hers .
no , by mine honor , madam .
tis the infirmity of his age .
yet he hath ever but slenderly known himself .
the best and soundest of his time hath been but rash .
such unconstant starts are we like to have from him as this of kent ’ s banishment .
there is further compliment of leave-taking between france and him .
pray you , let ’ s sit together .
we shall further think on ’ t .
we must do something , and i ' th ' heat .
i never shall endure her .
dear my lord , be not familiar with her .
fear me not.— she and the duke her husband !
sir , you speak nobly .
let ’ s then determine with the ancient of war on our proceedings .
i shall attend you presently at your tent .
sister , you ’ ll go with us ?
pray you , go with us .
stay till i have read the letter .
when time shall serve , let but the herald cry , and i ’ ll appear again .
why , fare thee well .
i will o'erlook thy paper .
we will greet the time .
which of them shall i take ?
neither can be enjoyed if both remain alive .
if ever i return to you again , i ’ ll bring you comfort .
grace go with you , sir .
king lear hath lost , he and his daughter ta'en .
and that ’ s true too .
some officers take them away .
good guard until their greater pleasures first be known that are to censure them .
no , no , no , no !
come , let ’ s away to prison .
we two alone will sing like birds i ' th ' cage .
when thou dost ask me blessing , i ’ ll kneel down and ask of thee forgiveness .
upon such sacrifices , my cordelia , the gods themselves throw incense .
he that parts us shall bring a brand from heaven and fire us hence like foxes .
the good years shall devour them , flesh and fell , ere they shall make us weep .
we ’ ll see 'em starve first .
i ’ ll do ’ t , my lord .
about it , and write “ happy ” when thou ’ st done .
mark , i say , instantly , and carry it so as i have set it down .
i can not draw a cart , nor eat dried oats .
if it be man ’ s work , i ’ ll do ’ t .
the question of cordelia and her father requires a fitter place .
i hold you but a subject of this war , not as a brother .
that ’ s as we list to grace him .
in his own grace he doth exalt himself more than in your addition .
that were the most if he should husband you .
that eye that told you so looked but asquint .
mean you to enjoy him then ?
nor in thine , lord .
thou art armed , gloucester .
sick , oh , sick !
my sickness grows upon me .
convey her to my tent .
come hither , herald.—let the trumpet sound , — and read out this .
well then , legitimate edgar , i must have your land .
now , gods , stand up for bastards !
all this done upon the gad ? —edmund , how now ?
o , know , my name is lost .
yet am i noble as the adversary i come to cope withal .
what ’ s he that speaks for edmund , earl of gloucester ?
what sayst thou to him ?
behold : it is the privilege of mine honors , my oath , and my profession .
in wisdom i should ask thy name .
back do i toss these treasons to thy head , with the hell-hated lie o'erwhelm thy heart—
this is practice , gloucester .
by th ' law of arms thou wast not bound to answer an unknown opposite .
the laws are mine , not thine .
who can arraign me for ’ t ?
ask me not what i know .
what you have charged me with , that have i done— and more , much more .
the time will bring it out .
tis past , and so am i .
i am no less in blood than thou art , edmund .
if more , the more thou ’ st wronged me .
my name is edgar , and thy father ’ s son .
the gods are just , and of our pleasant vices make instruments to plague us .
thou ’ st spoken right .
let sorrow split my heart if ever i did hate thee or thy father .
worthy prince , i know ’ t .
where have you hid yourself ?
how have you known the miseries of your father ?
list a brief tale , and when ’ tis told , oh , that my heart would burst !
the bloody proclamation to escape , that followed me so near—o our lives ' sweetness ,
never—o fault ! —revealed myself unto him until some half-hour past , when i was armed .
this speech of yours hath moved me , and shall perchance do good .
you look as you had something more to say .
if there be more , more woeful , hold it in .
for i am almost ready to dissolve , hearing of this .
twice then the trumpets sounded , and there i left him tranced .
help , help , o , help !
what means that bloody knife ?
tis hot , it smokes .
it came even from the heart of—oh , she ’ s dead !
your lady , sir , your lady .
and her sister by her is poisoned .
i was contracted to them both .
all three now marry in an instant .
i thought the king had more affected the duke of albany than cornwall .
it did always seem so to us .
his breeding , sir , hath been at my charge .
i have so often blushed to acknowledge him that now i am brazed to it .
do you smell a fault ?
i can not wish the fault undone , the issue of it being so proper .
oh , is this he ?
i am come to bid my king and master aye good night .
great thing of us forgot ! — speak , edmund , where ’ s the king ?
and where ’ s cordelia ? — seest thou this object , kent ?
the one the other poisoned for my sake , and after slew herself .
some good i mean to do despite of mine own nature .
nay , send in time !
run , run , o , run !
to who , my lord ? —who hath the office ?
send thy token of reprieve .
the captain— give it the captain .
haste thee for thy life .
the gods defend her ! —hear him hence awhile .
howl , howl , howl , howl !
oh , you are men of stones .
she ’ s gone forever .
i know when one is dead and when one lives .
she ’ s dead as earth .
if that her breath will mist or stain the stone , why then , she lives .
or image of that horror ?
if it be so , it is a chance which does redeem all sorrows that ever i have felt .
tis noble kent , your friend .
a plague upon you , murderers , traitors all !
i might have saved her .
now she ’ s gone for ever.— cordelia , cordelia , stay a little .
tis true , my lords , he did .
did i not , fellow ?
i am old now , and these same crosses spoil me .
where is your servant caius ?
he ’ s a good fellow , i can tell you that .
he ’ s dead and rotten .
no , my good lord .
i am the very man— i ’ ll see that straight .
that from your first of difference and decay have followed your sad steps .
you ’ re welcome hither .
all ’ s cheerless , dark , and deadly .
your eldest daughters have fordone themselves , and desperately are dead .
ay , so i think .
he knows not what he says , and vain it is that we present us to him .
edmund is dead , my lord .
for us , we will resign during the life of this old majesty to him our absolute power .
he faints ! —my lord , my lord !
o , let him pass .
oh , he is gone indeed .
the wonder is he hath endured so long .
our present business is to general woe .
why so earnestly seek you to put up that letter ?
i know no news , my lord .
what paper were you reading ?
what needed , then , that terrible dispatch of it into your pocket ?
the quality of nothing hath not such need to hide itself .
i beseech you , sir , pardon me .
it is a letter from my brother that i have not all o'er-read .
give me the letter , sir .
i shall offend , either to detain or give it .
the contents , as in part i understand them , are to blame .
i have a journey , sir , shortly to go .
i must not say no .
the weight of this sad time we must obey .
speak what we feel , not what we ought to say .
come to me , that of this i may speak more .
had he a hand to write this , a heart and brain to breed it in ?
when came this to you ?
it was not brought me , my lord .
there ’ s the cunning of it .
i found it thrown in at the casement of my closet .
you know the character to be your brother ’ s ?
if the matter were good , my lord , i durst swear it were his .
but in respect of that , i would fain think it were not .
it is his hand , my lord , but i hope his heart is not in the contents .
has he never before sounded you in this business ?
his very opinion in the letter !
go , sirrah , seek him .
i ’ ll apprehend him .
i do not well know , my lord .
he can not be such a monster— nor is not , sure .
to his father , that so tenderly and entirely loves him .
edmund , seek him out , wind me into him , i pray you .
these late eclipses in the sun and moon portend no good to us .
love cools , friendship falls off , brothers divide , in cities
mutinies , in countries discord , in palaces treason , and the bond cracked ’ twixt son and father .
this villain of mine comes under the prediction—there ’ s son against father .
the king falls from bias of nature—there ’ s father against child .
we have seen the best of our time .
machinations , hollowness , treachery , and all ruinous disorders follow us disquietly to our graves .
find out this villain , edmund .
it shall lose thee nothing .
do it carefully.—and the noble and true-hearted kent banished , his offense honesty !
fa , sol , la , mi .
how now , brother edmund ?
what serious contemplation are you in ?
how long have you been a sectary astronomical ?
when saw you my father last ?
why , the night gone by .
ay , two hours together .
parted you in good terms ?
found you no displeasure in him by word or countenance ?
some villain hath done me wrong .
that ’ s my fear .
i pray you , have a continent forbearance till the speed of his rage goes slower .
there ’ s my key .
if you do stir abroad , go armed .
brother , i advise you to the best .
shall i hear from you anon ?
i do serve you in this business .
let me , if not by birth , have lands by wit .
all with me ’ s meet that i can fashion fit .
did my father strike my gentleman for chiding of his fool ?
by day and night he wrongs me .
every hour he flashes into one gross crime or other that sets us all at odds .
i ’ ll not endure it .
his knights grow riotous , and himself upbraids us on every trifle .
when he returns from hunting , i will not speak with him .
if you come slack of former services , you shall do well .
the fault of it i ’ ll answer .
he ’ s coming , madam .
put on what weary negligence you please , you and your fellow servants .
idle old man that still would manage those authorities that he hath given away !
remember what i have said .
and let his knights have colder looks among you .
what grows of it , no matter .
i would breed from hence occasions , and i shall , that i may speak .
i ’ ll write straight to my sister to hold my very course .
go , prepare for dinner .
let me not stay a jot for dinner .
what wouldst thou with us ?
a very honest-hearted fellow , and as poor as the king .
if thou beest as poor for a subject as he ’ s for a king , thou'rt poor enough .
dost thou know me , fellow ?
what services canst thou do ?
that which ordinary men are fit for , i am qualified in .
and the best of me is diligence .
i have years on my back forty- eight .
where ’ s my knave , my fool ? —go you , and call my fool hither .
my services to your lordship .
i must love you and sue to know you better .
sir , i shall study deserving .
he hath been out nine years , and away he shall again .
attend the lords of france and burgundy , gloucester .
i shall , my lord .
you , you , sirrah , where ’ s my daughter ?
so please you— what says the fellow there ?
where ’ s my fool , ho ?
i think the world ’ s asleep .
where ’ s that mongrel ?
he says , my lord , your daughter is not well .
why came not the slave back to me when i called him .
sir , he answered me in the roundest manner he would not .
thou but rememberest me of mine own conception .
i will look further into ’ t .
but where ’ s my fool ?
i have not seen him this two days .
since my young lady ’ s going into france , sir , the fool hath much pined away .
i have noted it well .
go you and tell my daughter i would speak with her .
go you , call hither my fool .
o you sir , you , come you hither , sir .
who am i , sir ?
you slave , you cur !
i am none of these , my lord .
i ’ ll not be strucken , my lord .
now , my friendly knave , i thank thee .
let me hire him too.—here ’ s my coxcomb .
how now , my pretty knave ?
for taking one ’ s part that ’ s out of favor .
nay , an thou canst not smile as the wind sits , thou'lt catch cold shortly .
there , take my coxcomb .
if thou follow him , thou must needs wear my coxcomb.—how now , nuncle ?
would i had two coxcombs and two daughters .
if i gave them all my living , i ’ d keep my coxcombs myself .
beg another of thy daughters .
take heed , sirrah—the whip .
a pestilent gall to me !
sirrah , i ’ ll teach thee a speech .
this is nothing , fool .
then ’ tis like the breath of an unfee ’ d lawyer .
nothing can be made out of nothing .
dost thou know the difference , my boy , between a bitter fool and a sweet fool ?
that lord that counseled thee to give away thy land , come place him here by me .
do thou for him stand .
the sweet and bitter fool will presently appear— the one in motley here , the other found out there .
dost thou call me fool , boy ?
all thy other titles thou hast given away that thou wast born with .
this is not altogether fool , my lord .
no , faith , lords and great men will not let me .
what two crowns shall they be ?
if i speak like myself in this , let him be whipped that first finds it so .
when were you wont to be so full of songs , sirrah ?
i have used it , nuncle , ever since thou madest thy daughters thy mothers .
i would fain learn to lie .
an you lie , sirrah , we ’ ll have you whipped .
i marvel what kin thou and thy daughters are .
i had rather be any kind o ' thing than a fool .
and yet i would not be thee , nuncle .
here comes one o ' the parings .
what makes that frontlet on ?
methinks you are too much of late i ' th ' frown .
he that keeps nor crust nor crumb , weary of all , shall want some .
but other of your insolent retinue do hourly carp and quarrel , breaking forth in rank and not-to-be-endurèd riots .
which else were shame , that then necessity will call discreet proceeding .
so out went the candle and we were left darkling .
does any here know me ?
why , this is not lear .
sure , ’ tis not so .
who is it that can tell me who i am ?
which they will make an obedient father .
this admiration , sir , is much o ' th ' savor of other your new pranks .
i do beseech you to understand my purposes aright .
as you are old and reverend , should be wise .
epicurism and lust make it more like a tavern or a brothel than a graced palace .
the shame itself doth speak for instant remedy .
call my train together.— degenerate bastard , i ’ ll not trouble thee .
yet have i left a daughter .
you strike my people , and your disordered rabble make servants of their betters .
woe that too late repents ! — is it your will ?
pray , sir , be patient .
it may be so , my lord .
hear , nature , hear , dear goddess , hear !
now gods that we adore , whereof comes this ?
thou shalt , i warrant thee .
do you mark that , my lord ?
come , sire , no more.—what , oswald , ho !
so the fool follows after .
this man hath had good counsel—a hundred knights !
well , you may fear too far .
safer than trust too far .
let me still take away the harms i fear , not fear still to be taken .
what he hath uttered i have writ my sister .
if she sustain him and his hundred knights when i have showed th ' unfitness— here , madam .
what , have you writ that letter to my sister ?
take you some company , and away to horse .
get you gone and hasten your return .
striving to better , oft we mar what ’ s well .
nay , then— well , well , th ' event .
i will not sleep , my lord , till i have delivered your letter .
ha , ha , ha !
shalt see thy other daughter will use thee kindly .
why , what canst thou tell , my boy ?
she will taste as like this as a crab does to a crab .
thou canst tell why one ’ s nose stands i ' th ' middle on ’ s face ?
i did her wrong— canst tell how an oyster makes his shell ?
but i can tell why a snail has a house .
i will forget my nature .
so kind a father ! —be my horses ready ?
thy asses are gone about 'em .
the reason why the seven stars are no more than seven is a pretty reason .
because they are not eight ?
thou wouldst make a good fool .
to take ’ t again perforce— monster ingratitude !
thou shouldst not have been old till thou hadst been wise .
o , let me not be mad , not mad , sweet heaven !
i would not be mad .
nay , i know not .
have you heard of no likely wars toward ’ twixt the two dukes of cornwall and albany ?
you may do then in time .
fare you well , sir .
the duke be here tonight ?
this weaves itself perforce into my business .
briefness and fortune , work ! — brother , a word .
descend , brother , i say .
o sir , fly this place .
intelligence is given where you are hid .
have you not spoken 'gainst the duke of cornwall aught ?
i hear my father coming .
in cunning i must draw my sword upon you .
now quit you well.— torches , torches !
now edmund , where ’ s the villain ?
look , sir , i bleed .
where is the villain , edmund ?
fled this way , sir , when by no means he could— pursue him , ho !
by no means ” what ?
not in this land shall he remain uncaught .
the noble duke my master , my worthy arch and patron , comes tonight .
and find i am alone felicitate in your dear highness ' love .
nothing will come of nothing .
unhappy that i am , i can not heave my heart into my mouth .
i love your majesty according to my bond , no more nor less .
how , how , cordelia ?
mend your speech a little , lest you may mar your fortunes .
he that conceals him , death .
he replied , “ thou unpossessing bastard !
would he deny his letter , said he ?
i never got him.— hark , the duke ’ s trumpets .
i know not why he comes .
all ports i ’ ll bar .
the villain shall not ’ scape .
the duke must grant me that .
how now , my noble friend ?
since i came hither , which i can call but now , i have heard strange news .
how dost , my lord ?
o madam , my old heart is cracked , it ’ s cracked .
o , lady , lady , shame would have it hid .
was he not companion with the riotous knights that tend upon my father ?
i know not , madam .
tis too bad , too bad .
yes , madam , he was of that consort .
no marvel then , though he were ill affected .
it was my duty , sir .
he did bewray his practice , and received this hurt you see striving to apprehend him .
ay , my good lord .
if he be taken , he shall never more be feared of doing harm .
natures of such deep trust we shall much need .
i shall serve you , sir , truly , however else .
you know not why we came to visit you— thus out of season , threading dark-eyed night .
the several messengers from hence attend dispatch .
i serve you , madam .
your graces are right welcome .
good dawning to thee , friend .
where may we set our horses ?
i ' th ' mire .
prithee , if thou lovest me , tell me .
why , then , i care not for thee .
if i had thee in lipsbury pinfold , i would make thee care for me .
why dost thou use me thus ?
fellow , i know thee .
what dost thou know me for ?
what a brazen-faced varlet art thou to deny thou knowest me !
is it two days ago since i tripped up thy heels and beat thee before the king ?
draw , you rogue , for though it be night yet the moon shines .
i ’ ll make a sop o ' th ' moonshine of you .
i have nothing to do with thee .
draw , you rogue , or i ’ ll so carbonado your shanks .
stand , you neat slave , strike !
the west yet glimmers with some streaks of day .
it will be rain tonight .
fly , good fleance , fly , fly , fly !
thou may ’ st revenge —o slave !
who did strike out the light ?
was ’ t not the way ?
there ’ s but one down .
we have lost best half of our affair .
well , let ’ s away and say how much is done .
at first and last , the hearty welcome .
ourself will mingle with society and play the humble host .
pronounce it for me , sir , to all our friends , for my heart speaks they are welcome .
see , they encounter thee with their hearts ' thanks .
here i ’ ll sit i ' th ' midst .
anon we ’ ll drink a measure the table round .
tis banquo ’ s then .
my lord , his throat is cut .
that i did for him .
if thou didst it , thou art the nonpareil .
most royal sir , fleance is ’ scaped .
then comes my fit again .
ay , my good lord .
there the grown serpent lies .
tomorrow we ’ ll hear ourselves again .
my royal lord , you do not give the cheer .
where hast thou been , sister ?
a sailor ’ s wife had chestnuts in her lap , and munched , and munched , and munched .
give me , ” quoth i .
aroint thee , witch ! ” the rump-fed runnion cries .
i ’ ll drain him dry as hay .
sleep shall neither night nor day hang upon his penthouse lid .
he shall live a man forbid .
weary sev'nnights nine times nine shall he dwindle , peak and pine .
may ’ t please your highness sit .
his absence , sir , lays blame upon his promise .
please ’ t your highness to grace us with your royal company ?
the table ’ s full .
here is a place reserved , sir .
what , my good lord ?
his highness is not well .
my lord is often thus and hath been from his youth .
pray you , keep seat .
if much you note him , you shall offend him and extend his passion .
feed and regard him not .
ay , and a bold one , that dare look on that which might appall the devil .
this is the very painting of your fear .
this is the air-drawn dagger which you said led you to duncan .
why do you make such faces ?
when all ’ s done , you look but on a stool .
if i stand here , i saw him .
but now they rise again with twenty mortal murders on their crowns and push us from our stools .
this is more strange than such a murder is .
my worthy lord , your noble friends do lack you .
our duties , and the pledge .
or be alive again , and dare me to the desert with thy sword .
if trembling i inhabit then , protest me the baby of a girl .
why so , being gone , why so , being gone , i am a man again .
you have displaced the mirth , broke the good meeting , with most admired disorder .
what sights , my lord ?
i pray you , speak not .
he grows worse and worse .
at once , good night .
a kind good night to all !
stones have been known to move , and trees to speak .
almost at odds with morning , which is which .
did you send to him , sir ?
i hear it by the way ; but i will send .
there ’ s not a one of them but in his house i keep a servant fee ’ d .
i will tomorrow— and betimes i will—to the weird sisters .
for mine own good , all causes shall give way .
come , we ’ ll to sleep .
my strange and self-abuse is the initiate fear that wants hard use .
we are yet but young in deed .
why , how now , hecate !
have i not reason , beldams as you are ?
get you gone , and at the pit of acheron meet me i ' th ' morning .
thither he will come to know his destiny .
your vessels and your spells provide , your charms and everything beside .
i am for the air .
this night i ’ ll spend unto a dismal and a fatal end .
great business must be wrought ere noon .
upon the corner of the moon there hangs a vap'rous drop profound .
i ’ ll catch it ere it come to ground .
he shall spurn fate , scorn death , and bear his hopes 'bove wisdom , grace , and fear .
and you all know , security is mortals ' chiefest enemy .
my little spirit , see , sits in a foggy cloud and stays for me .
only i say things have been strangely borne .
men must not walk too late .
all which we pine for now .
and this report hath so exasperated the king that he prepares for some attempt of war .
i ’ ll send my prayers with him .
though his bark can not be lost , yet it shall be tempest-tossed .
show me , show me .
a drum , a drum !
thrice the brinded cat hath mewed .
double , double toil and trouble , fire burn , and cauldron bubble .
double , double toil and trouble , fire burn and cauldron bubble .
double , double toil and trouble , fire burn and cauldron bubble .
cool it with a baboon ’ s blood , then the charm is firm and good .
i commend your pains , and every one shall share i ' th ' gains .
by the pricking of my thumbs , something wicked this way comes .
open , locks , whoever knocks .
how now , you secret , black , and midnight hags ?
what is ’ t you do ?
a deed without a name .
i conjure you by that which you profess— howe'er you come to know it—answer me .
say , if th ' hadst rather hear it from our mouths , or from our masters ' .
tell me , thou unknown power— he knows thy thought .
hear his speech but say thou nought .
beware the thane of fife .
whate'er thou art , for thy good caution , thanks .
thou hast harped my fear aright .
but one word more— he will not be commanded .
here ’ s another more potent than the first .
macbeth ! — had i three ears , i ’ d hear thee .
be bloody , bold , and resolute .
laugh to scorn the power of man , for none of woman born shall harm macbeth .
but yet i ’ ll make assurance double sure , and take a bond of fate .
listen but speak not to ’ t .
be lion-mettled , proud , and take no care who chafes , who frets , or where conspirers are .
macbeth shall never vanquished be until great birnam wood to high dunsinane hill shall come against him .
who can impress the forest , bid the tree unfix his earthbound root ?
yet my heart throbs to know one thing .
seek to know no more .
deny me this , and an eternal curse fall on you !
and what noise is this ?
show his eyes and grieve his heart .
come like shadows ; so depart !
thou art too like the spirit of banquo .
i ’ ll see no more .
what , is this so ?
come , sisters , cheer we up his sprites , and show the best of our delights .
let this pernicious hour stand aye accursèd in the calendar !
what ’ s your grace ’ s will ?
saw you the weird sisters ?
came they not by you ?
no , indeed , my lord .
i did hear the galloping of horse .
who was ’ t came by ?
tis two or three , my lord , that bring you word macduff is fled to england .
ay , my good lord .
time , thou anticipat ’ st my dread exploits .
no boasting like a fool .
this deed i ’ ll do before this purpose cool .
but no more sights ! —where are these gentlemen ?
come , bring me where they are .
what had he done to make him fly the land ?
you must have patience , madam .
when our actions do not , our fears do make us traitors .
you know not whether it was his wisdom or his fear .
my dearest coz , i pray you school yourself .
i take my leave of you .
shall not be long but i ’ ll be here again .
fathered he is , and yet he ’ s fatherless .
i am so much a fool , should i stay longer it would be my disgrace and your discomfort .
i take my leave at once .
sirrah , your father ’ s dead .
and what will you do now ?
as birds do , mother .
what , with worms and flies ?
with what i get , i mean , and so do they .
thou ’ dst never fear the net nor lime , the pitfall nor the gin .
my father is not dead , for all your saying .
yes , he is dead .
how wilt thou do for a father ?
nay , how will you do for a husband ?
why , i can buy me twenty at any market .
speak , if you can : what are you ?
hail to thee , thane of glamis !
lesser than macbeth and greater .
not so happy , yet much happier .
thou shalt get kings , though thou be none .
so all hail , macbeth and banquo !
then you ’ ll buy 'em to sell again .
was my father a traitor , mother ?
ay , that he was .
why , one that swears and lies .
and be all traitors that do so ?
every one that does so is a traitor and must be hanged .
and must they all be hanged that swear and lie ?
why , the honest men .
if he were dead , you ’ d weep for him .
if you would not , it were a good sign that i should quickly have a new father .
poor prattler , how thou talk ’ st !
bless you , fair dame !
i am not to you known , though in your state of honor i am perfect .
i doubt some danger does approach you nearly .
if you will take a homely man ’ s advice , be not found here .
hence with your little ones .
i dare abide no longer .
i have done no harm .
i hope , in no place so unsanctified where such as thou mayst find him .
he ’ s a traitor .
thou liest , thou shag-haired villain !
he has killed me , mother .
run away , i pray you !
let us seek out some desolate shade and there weep our sad bosoms empty .
what you have spoke , it may be so perchance .
this tyrant , whose sole name blisters our tongues , was once thought honest .
you have loved him well .
he hath not touched you yet .
a good and virtuous nature may recoil in an imperial charge .
but i shall crave your pardon .
that which you are , my thoughts can not transpose .
angels are bright still , though the brightest fell .
though all things foul would wear the brows of grace , yet grace must still look so .
i pray you , let not my jealousies be your dishonors , but mine own safeties .
you may be rightly just , whatever i shall think .
bleed , bleed , poor country !
i speak not as in absolute fear of you .
i think our country sinks beneath the yoke .
it weeps , it bleeds , and each new day a gash is added to her wounds .
not in the legions of horrid hell can come a devil more damned in evils to top macbeth .
but there ’ s no bottom , none , in my voluptuousness .
better macbeth than such an one to reign .
boundless intemperance in nature is a tyranny .
it hath been the untimely emptying of the happy throne and fall of many kings .
but fear not yet to take upon you what is yours .
we have willing dames enough .
if such a one be fit to govern , speak .
such welcome and unwelcome things at once 't is hard to reconcile .
well , more anon.—comes the king forth , i pray you ?
ay , sir ; there are a crew of wretched souls that stay his cure .
i thank you , doctor .
what ’ s the disease he means ?
see , who comes here ?
my countryman , but yet i know him not .
my ever-gentle cousin , welcome hither .
stands scotland where it did ?
almost afraid to know itself .
oh , relation too nice and yet too true !
banquo and macbeth , all hail !
stay , you imperfect speakers , tell me more .
speak , i charge you .
the earth hath bubbles , as the water has , and these are of them .
were such things here as we do speak about ?
or have we eaten on the insane root that takes the reason prisoner ?
your children shall be kings .
and thane of cawdor too : went it not so ?
to the selfsame tune and words .
now is the time of help .
would i could answer this comfort with the like .
if it be mine , keep it not from me .
quickly let me have it .
your castle is surprised , your wife and babes savagely slaughtered .
wife , children , servants , all that could be found .
and i must be from thence !
let ’ s make us med'cines of our great revenge , to cure this deadly grief .
what , all my pretty chickens and their dam at one fell swoop ?
dispute it like a man .
i can not but remember such things were that were most precious to me .
did heaven look on , and would not take their part ?
sinful macduff , they were all struck for thee !
be this the whetstone of your sword .
let grief convert to anger .
oh , i could play the woman with mine eyes and braggart with my tongue !
but , gentle heavens , cut short all intermission .
front to front bring thou this fiend of scotland and myself .
within my sword ’ s length set him ; if he ’ scape , heaven forgive him too .
come , go we to the king .
our power is ready ; our lack is nothing but our leave .
macbeth is ripe for shaking , and the powers above put on their instruments .
receive what cheer you may .
i have two nights watched with you but can perceive no truth in your report .
when was it she last walked ?
that , sir , which i will not report after her .
neither to you nor any one , having no witness to confirm my speech .
lo you , here she comes .
this is her very guise ; and , upon my life , fast asleep .
observe her , stand close .
how came she by that light ?
why , it stood by her .
she has light by her continually .
you see her eyes are open .
ay , but their sense is shut .
what is it she does now ?
look , how she rubs her hands .
it is an accustomed action with her to seem thus washing her hands .
yet here ’ s a spot .
i will set down what comes from her , to satisfy my remembrance the more strongly .
the thane of fife had a wife .
you have known what you should not .
she has spoke what she should not , i am sure of that .
heaven knows what she has known .
here ’ s the smell of the blood still .
all the perfumes of arabia will not sweeten this little hand .
oh , oh , oh !
what a sigh is there !
the heart is sorely charged .
i would not have such a heart in my bosom for the dignity of the whole body .
well , well , well .
pray god it be , sir .
this disease is beyond my practice .
yet i have known those which have walked in their sleep who have died holily in their beds .
to bed , to bed .
there ’ s knocking at the gate .
will she go now to bed ?
god , god forgive us all !
good night , good doctor .
the english power is near , led on by malcolm , his uncle siward and the good macduff .
who knows if donalbain be with his brother ?
for certain , sir , he is not .
i have a file of all the gentry .
great dunsinane he strongly fortifies .
but , for certain , he can not buckle his distempered cause within the belt of rule .
make we our march towards birnam .
why do you dress me in borrowed robes ?
bring me no more reports .
till birnam wood remove to dunsinane i can not taint with fear .
what ’ s the boy malcolm ?
was he not born of woman ?
the spirits that know all mortal consequences have pronounced me thus : “ fear not , macbeth .
the mind i sway by and the heart i bear shall never sag with doubt nor shake with fear .
the devil damn thee black , thou cream-faced loon !
where got ’ st thou that goose look ?
there is ten thousand— geese , villain ?
go , prick thy face and over-red thy fear , thou lily-livered boy .
those linen cheeks of thine are counselors to fear .
the english force , so please you .
i have lived long enough .
what ’ s your gracious pleasure ?
all is confirmed , my lord , which was reported .
i ’ ll fight till from my bones my flesh be hacked .
i ’ ll put it on .
therein the patient must minister to himself .
throw physic to the dogs ; i ’ ll none of it .
come , put mine armor on .
ay , my good lord .
your royal preparation makes us hear something .
cousins , i hope the days are near at hand that chambers will be safe .
what wood is this before us ?
let every soldier hew him down a bough and bear ’ t before him .
thereby shall we shadow the numbers of our host and make discovery err in report of us .
hang out our banners on the outward walls .
here let them lie till famine and the ague eat them up .
it is the cry of women , my good lord .
i have almost forgot the taste of fears .
the queen , my lord , is dead .
she should have died hereafter .
out , out , brief candle !
it is a tale told by an idiot , full of sound and fury , signifying nothing .
well , say , sir .
let me endure your wrath , if ’ t be not so .
within this three mile may you see it coming ; i say , a moving grove .
if thou speak ’ st false , upon the next tree shall thou hang alive till famine cling thee .
if thy speech be sooth , i care not if thou dost for me as much .
they have tied me to a stake .
i can not fly , but , bearlike , i must fight the course .
what ’ s he that was not born of woman ?
such a one am i to fear , or none .
thou 'lt be afraid to hear it .
no , though thou call ’ st thyself a hotter name than any is in hell .
my name ’ s macbeth .
the devil himself could not pronounce a title more hateful to mine ear .
no , nor more fearful .
thou liest , abhorrèd tyrant .
that way the noise is .
tyrant , show thy face !
either thou , macbeth , or else my sword with an unbattered edge i sheathe again undeeded .
there thou shouldst be ; by this great clatter , one of the greatest note seems bruited .
this way , my lord .
the castle ’ s gently rendered .
enter , sir , the castle .
turn , hellhound , turn !
my voice is in my sword .
thou bloodier villain than terms can give thee out !
as easy mayst thou the intrenchant air with thy keen sword impress as make me bleed .
i ’ ll not fight with thee .
then yield thee , coward , and live to be the show and gaze o ' th ' time .
before my body i throw my warlike shield .
macduff is missing , and your noble son .
your son , my lord , has paid a soldier ’ s debt .
ay , and brought off the field .
your cause of sorrow must not be measured by his worth , for then it hath no end .
had he his hurts before ?
ay , on the front .
why then , god ’ s soldier be he !
had i as many sons as i have hairs , i would not wish them to a fairer death .
and so , his knell is knolled .
he ’ s worth more sorrow , and that i ’ ll spend for him .
he ’ s worth no more .
they say he parted well and paid his score .
and so , god be with him !
behold where stands the usurper ’ s cursèd head .
hail , king of scotland !
my thanes and kinsmen , henceforth be earls , the first that ever scotland in such an honor named .
look how our partner ’ s rapt .
worthy macbeth , we stay upon your leisure .
kind gentlemen , your pains are registered where every day i turn the leaf to read them .
let us toward the king .
my liege , they are not yet come back .
nothing in his life became him like the leaving it .
there ’ s no art to find the mind ’ s construction in the face .
so humbly take my leave .
when shall we three meet again ?
in thunder , lightning , or in rain ?
that will be ere the set of sun .
there to meet with macbeth .
the king comes here tonight .
thou 'rt mad to say it .
my dearest love , duncan comes here tonight .
tomorrow , as he purposes .
o , never shall sun that morrow see !
your face , my thane , is as a book where men may read strange matters .
bear welcome in your eye , your hand , your tongue .
look like th ' innocent flower , but be the serpent under ’ t .
leave all the rest to me .
this castle hath a pleasant seat .
the air nimbly and sweetly recommends itself unto our gentle senses .
where they most breed and haunt , i have observed , the air is delicate .
see , see , our honored hostess !
the love that follows us sometime is our trouble , which still we thank as love .
fair and noble hostess , we are your guest tonight .
conduct me to mine host .
we love him highly and shall continue our graces towards him .
by your leave , hostess .
if it were done when ’ tis done , then ’ twere well it were done quickly .
why have you left the chamber ?
hath he asked for me ?
know you not he has ?
we will proceed no further in this business .
was the hope drunk wherein you dressed yourself ?
from this time such i account thy love .
art thou afeard to be the same in thine own act and valor as thou art in desire ?
what beast was ’ t , then , that made you break this enterprise to me ?
what not put upon his spongy officers , who shall bear the guilt of our great quell ?
bring forth men-children only , for thy undaunted mettle should compose nothing but males .
away , and mock the time with fairest show .
false face must hide what the false heart doth know .
how goes the night , boy ?
i have not heard the clock .
and she goes down at twelve .
i take ’ t ’ tis later , sir .
hold , take my sword .
there ’ s husbandry in heaven ; their candles are all out .
a heavy summons lies like lead upon me , and yet i would not sleep .
merciful powers , restrain in me the cursèd thoughts that nature gives way to in repose .
what , sir , not yet at rest ?
the king ’ s a-bed .
he hath been in unusual pleasure , and sent forth great largess to your offices .
being unprepared , our will became the servant to defect , which else should free have wrought .
what bloody man is that ?
he can report , as seemeth by his plight , of the revolt the newest state .
this is the sergeant who like a good and hardy soldier fought 'gainst my captivity .
say to the king the knowledge of the broil as thou didst leave it .
doubtful it stood , as two spent swimmers that do cling together and choke their art .
i dreamt last night of the three weird sisters : to you they have showed some truth .
i think not of them .
at your kind ’ st leisure .
if you shall cleave to my consent , when ’ tis , it shall make honor for you .
thanks , sir : the like to you !
is this a dagger which i see before me , the handle toward my hand ?
whiles i threat , he lives .
hear it not , duncan , for it is a knell that summons thee to heaven or to hell .
that which hath made them drunk hath made me bold .
what hath quenched them hath given me fire .
i have done the deed .
didst thou not hear a noise ?
i heard the owl scream and the crickets cry .
who lies i ' th ' second chamber ?
a foolish thought , to say a sorry sight .
but wherefore could not i pronounce “ amen ” ?
i had most need of blessing , and “ amen ” stuck in my throat .
these deeds must not be thought after these ways .
so , it will make us mad .
methought i heard a voice cry , “ sleep no more !
still it cried , “ sleep no more ! ” to all the house .
go get some water , and wash this filthy witness from your hand .
why did you bring these daggers from the place ?
go carry them and smear the sleepy grooms with blood .
the sleeping and the dead are but as pictures .
how is ’ t with me when every noise appals me ?
i hear a knocking at the south entry .
retire we to our chamber .
a little water clears us of this deed .
how easy is it , then !
your constancy hath left you unattended .
get on your nightgown , lest occasion call us and show us to be watchers .
be not lost so poorly in your thoughts .
wake duncan with thy knocking .
knock , knock , knock !
who ’ s there , in th ' other devil ’ s name ?
o , come in , equivocator .
knock , knock , knock !
faith , here ’ s an english tailor come hither for stealing out of a french hose .
here you may roast your goose .
but this place is too cold for hell .
i ’ ll devil-porter it no further .
i pray you , remember the porter .
was it so late , friend , ere you went to bed , that you do lie so late ?
what three things does drink especially provoke ?
lechery , sir , it provokes and unprovokes .
it provokes the desire , but it takes away the performance .
i believe drink gave thee the lie last night .
our knocking has awaked him .
good morrow , noble sir .
is the king stirring , worthy thane ?
he did command me to call timely on him .
i have almost slipped the hour .
i ’ ll bring you to him .
i know this is a joyful trouble to you , but yet ’ tis one .
the labor we delight in physics pain .
i ’ ll make so bold to call , for ’ tis my limited service .
goes the king hence today ?
the night has been unruly .
the obscure bird clamored the livelong night .
some say the earth was feverous and did shake .
my young remembrance can not parallel a fellow to it .
o horror , horror , horror !
tongue nor heart can not conceive nor name thee !
what ’ s the matter ?
confusion now hath made his masterpiece .
dismayed not this our captains , macbeth and banquo ?
yes , as sparrows eagles , or the hare the lion .
so well thy words become thee as thy wounds ; they smack of honor both .
so should he look that seems to speak things strange .
approach the chamber , and destroy your sight with a new gorgon .
do not bid me speak .
see , and then speak yourselves .
shake off this downy sleep , death ’ s counterfeit , and look on death itself !
up , up , and see the great doom ’ s image !
as from your graves rise up , and walk like sprites , to countenance this horror !
o banquo , banquo , our royal master ’ s murdered !
what , in our house ?
dear duff , i prithee , contradict thyself , and say it is not so .
renown and grace is dead .
the wine of life is drawn , and the mere lees is left this vault to brag of .
you are , and do not know ’ t .
your royal father ’ s murdered .
those of his chamber , as it seemed , had done ’ t .
their hands and faces were all badged with blood .
so were their daggers , which unwiped we found upon their pillows .
they stared , and were distracted .
no man ’ s life was to be trusted with them .
oh , yet i do repent me of my fury , that i did kill them .
who can be wise , amazed , temp'rate , and furious , loyal and neutral , in a moment ?
help me hence , ho !
fears and scruples shake us .
let ’ s briefly put on manly readiness , and meet i ' th ' hall together .
let ’ s not consort with them .
to show an unfelt sorrow is an office which the false man does easy .
i ’ ll to england .
our separated fortune shall keep us both the safer .
where we are , there ’ s daggers in men ’ s smiles .
the near in blood , the nearer bloody .
there ’ s warrant in that theft which steals itself when there ’ s no mercy left .
by th ' clock ’ tis day , and yet dark night strangles the travelling lamp .
tis said they eat each other .
they did so , to th ' amazement of mine eyes that looked upon ’ t .
here comes the good macduff .
how goes the world , sir , now ?
why , see you not ?
those that macbeth hath slain .
thriftless ambition , that will raven up thine own lives ' means !
then ’ tis most like the sovereignty will fall upon macbeth .
he is already named and gone to scone to be invested .
where is duncan ’ s body ?
carried to colmekill , the sacred storehouse of his predecessors , and guardian of their bones .
no , cousin , i ’ ll to fife .
well , i will thither .
well , may you see things well done there .
adieu , lest our old robes sit easier than our new !
but hush , no more .
here ’ s our chief guest .
ay , my good lord .
is ’ t far you ride ?
as far , my lord , as will fill up the time 'twixt this and supper .
my lord , i will not .
but of that tomorrow , when therewithal we shall have cause of state craving us jointly .
adieu , till your return at night .
ay , my good lord .
our time does call upon ’ s .
let every man be master of his time till seven at night .
to make society the sweeter welcome , we will keep ourself till suppertime alone .
while then , god be with you !
our fears in banquo stick deep , and in his royalty of nature reigns that which would be feared .
then , prophetlike , they hailed him father to a line of kings .
that now sweno , the norways ' king , craves composition .
i ’ ll see it done .
what he hath lost , noble macbeth hath won .
now go to the door and stay there till we call .
was it not yesterday we spoke together ?
it was , so please your highness .
well then , now have you considered of my speeches ?
i did so , and went further , which is now our point of second meeting .
do you find your patience so predominant in your nature that you can let this go ?
we are men , my liege .
both of you know banquo was your enemy .
we shall , my lord , perform what you command us .
though our lives— your spirits shine through you .
we are resolved , my lord .
i ’ ll call upon you straight .
banquo , thy soul ’ s flight , if it find heaven , must find it out tonight .
is banquo gone from court ?
ay , madam , but returns again tonight .
say to the king i would attend his leisure for a few words .
naught ’ s had , all ’ s spent , where our desire is got without content .
tis safer to be that which we destroy than by destruction dwell in doubtful joy .
how now , my lord !
what ’ s done is done .
we have scorched the snake , not killed it .
she ’ ll close and be herself whilst our poor malice remains in danger of her former tooth .
come on , gentle my lord , sleek o'er your rugged looks .
so shall i , love , and so , i pray , be you .
thou know ’ st that banquo , and his fleance , lives .
there ’ s comfort yet ; they are assailable .
what ’ s to be done ?
why then , to thee , thou silver treasure house .
tell me once more what title thou dost bear .
let none presume to wear an undeservèd dignity .
how many then should cover that stand bare !
how much low peasantry would then be gleaned from the true seed of honor !
well , but to my choice .
too long a pause for that which you find there .
i will read it.— how much unlike art thou to portia !
who chooseth me shall have as much as he deserves ” !
did i deserve no more than a fool ’ s head ?
are my deserts no better ?
the fire seven times tried this , seven times tried that judgment is , that did never choose amiss .
some there be that shadows kiss .
such have but a shadow ’ s bliss .
there be fools alive , iwis , silvered o'er—and so was this .
take what wife you will to bed , i will ever be your head .
i ’ ll keep my oath patiently to bear my wroth . ”
thus hath the candle singed the moth .
when they do choose , they have the wisdom by their wit to lose .
the ancient saying is no heresy .
hanging and wiving goes by destiny .
come , draw the curtain , nerissa .
yet i have not seen so likely an ambassador of love .
no more , i pray thee .
now , what news on the rialto ?
ha , what sayest thou ?
why , the end is he hath lost a ship .
i would it might prove the end of his losses .
what news among the merchants ?
you knew—none so well , none so well as you—of my daughter ’ s flight .
i , for my part , knew the tailor that made the wings she flew withal .
she is damned for it .
that ’ s certain—if the devil may be her judge .
my own flesh and blood to rebel !
out upon it , old carrion !
rebels it at these years ?
i say my daughter is my flesh and blood .
but tell us , do you hear whether antonio have had any loss at sea or no ?
well , we will leave you then till dinnertime .
i must be one of these same dumb wise men , for gratiano never lets me speak .
i ’ ll grow a talker for this gear .
is that any thing now ?
gratiano speaks an infinite deal of nothing , more than any man in all venice .
let him look to his bond .
he was wont to call me usurer ; let him look to his bond .
he was wont to lend money for a christian courtesy ; let him look to his bond .
why , i am sure , if he forfeit thou wilt not take his flesh .
what ’ s that good for ?
hath not a jew eyes ?
hath not a jew hands , organs , dimensions , senses , affections , passions ?
if you prick us , do we not bleed ?
if you tickle us , do we not laugh ?
if you poison us , do we not die ?
and if you wrong us , shall we not revenge ?
if we are like you in the rest , we will resemble you in that .
if a jew wrong a christian , what is his humility ?
we have been up and down to seek him .
here comes another of the tribe .
a third can not be matched unless the devil himself turn jew .
hast thou found my daughter ?
i often came where i did hear of her , but can not find her .
why , there , there , there , there !
i never felt it till now—two thousand ducats in that , and other precious , precious jewels .
i would my daughter were dead at my foot and the jewels in her ear !
would she were hearsed at my foot and the ducats in her coffin !
and i know not what ’ s spent in the search .
why thou , loss upon loss !
yes , other men have ill luck too .
antonio , as i heard in genoa— what , what , what ?
ill luck , ill luck ?
hath an argosy cast away coming from tripolis .
i thank god , i thank god !
is ’ t true , is ’ t true ?
i spoke with some of the sailors that escaped the wrack .
i thank thee , good tubal .
good news , good news !
ha , ha , heard in genoa .
your daughter spent in genoa , as i heard , in one night fourscore ducats .
thou stickest a dagger in me .
i shall never see my gold again .
fourscore ducats at a sitting !
i am very glad of it .
i ’ ll plague him .
i ’ ll torture him .
i am glad of it .
one of them showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey .
thou torturest me , tubal .
i had it of leah when i was a bachelor .
i would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys .
but antonio is certainly undone .
nay , that ’ s true , that ’ s very true .
at our synagogue , tubal .
before you hazard , for in choosing wrong i lose your company .
there may as well be amity and life 'tween snow and fire , as treason and my love .
promise me life , and i ’ ll confess the truth .
well then , confess and live .
confess and love ” had been the very sum of my confession .
but let me to my fortune and the caskets .
i am locked in one of them .
if you do love me you will find me out.— nerissa and the rest , stand all aloof .
let music sound while he doth make his choice .
then if he lose he makes a swanlike end , fading in music .
he may win , and what is music then ?
live thou , i live .
with much , much more dismay i view the fight than thou that makest the fray .
ding , dong , bell .
therefore then , thou gaudy gold , hard food for midas , i will none of thee .
since this fortune falls to you , be content and seek no new .
fair lady , by your leave , i come by note to give and to receive .
you see me , lord bassanio , where i stand such as i am .
happier than this— she is not bred so dull but she can learn .
myself and what is mine to you and yours is now converted .
but now i was the lord of this fair mansion , master of my servants , queen o'er myself .
i pray you , good bassanio , let me know it .
i urge this childhood proof because what follows is pure innocence .
i owe you much , and , like a willful youth , that which i owe is lost .
you know me well , and herein spend but time to wind about my love with circumstance .
o , then be bold to say bassanio ’ s dead !
with all my heart , so thou canst get a wife .
i thank your lordship , you have got me one .
what , and stake down ?
what , and my old venetian friend salerio ?
so do i , my lord .
and i have reason for it .
signor antonio commends him to you .
ere i ope his letter , i pray you tell me how my good friend doth .
not sick , my lord , unless it be in mind , nor well , unless in mind .
his letter there will show you his estate .
there are some shrewd contents in yond same paper that steals the color from bassanio ’ s cheek .
o sweet portia , here are a few of the unpleasant ’ st words that ever blotted paper .
i was a gentleman , and then i told you true .
have all his ventures failed ?
what , not one hit ?
not one , my lord .
is it your dear friend that is thus in trouble ?
what sum owes he the jew ?
for me , three thousand ducats .
pay him six thousand and deface the bond !
you shall have gold to pay the petty debt twenty times over .
when it is paid , bring your true friend along .
my maid nerissa and myself meantime will live as maids and widows .
bid your friends welcome , show a merry cheer .
but let me hear the letter of your friend .
sweet bassanio , my ships have all miscarried .
my estate is very low .
my bond to the jew is forfeit .
notwithstanding , use your pleasure .
since i have your good leave to go away , i will make haste .
jailer , look to him .
this is the fool that lent out money gratis .
jailer , look to him .
hear me yet , good shylock .
i pray thee , hear me speak .
i ’ ll have my bond .
i will not hear thee speak .
i ’ ll have my bond , and therefore speak no more .
i ’ ll have no speaking .
i will have my bond .
it is the most impenetrable cur that ever kept with men .
i ’ ll follow him no more with bootless prayers .
his reason well i know .
i oft delivered from his forfeitures many that have at times made moan to me .
i am sure the duke will never grant this forfeiture to hold .
madam , with all my heart .
i shall obey you in all fair commands .
so fare you well till we shall meet again .
fare you well , jessica .
now , balthazar , as i have ever found thee honest true , so let me find thee still .
sometimes from her eyes i did receive fair speechless messages .
her name is portia , nothing undervalued to cato ’ s daughter , brutus ' portia .
i shall be there before thee .
madam , i go with all convenient speed .
come on , nerissa , i have work in hand that you yet know not of .
we ’ ll see our husbands before they think of us .
i have within my mind a thousand raw tricks of these bragging jacks which i will practice .
why , shall we turn to men ?
fie , what a question ’ s that if thou wert near a lewd interpreter !
and therefore haste away , for we must measure twenty miles today .
therefore i promise ye i fear you .
i was always plain with you , and so now i speak my agitation of the matter .
therefore be o ' good cheer , for truly i think you are damned .
and what hope is that , i pray thee ?
that were a kind of bastard hope indeed .
so the sins of my mother should be visited upon me .
truly then i fear you are damned both by father and mother .
thus when i shun scylla your father , i fall into charybdis your mother .
well , you are gone both ways .
i shall be saved by my husband .
he hath made me a christian .
truly , the more to blame he .
we were christians eno ' before , e'en as many as could well live one by another .
this making christians will raise the price of hogs .
i ’ ll tell my husband , launcelot , what you say .
i shall grow jealous of you shortly , launcelot , if you thus get my wife into corners .
nay , you need not fear us , lorenzo .
launcelot and i are out .
it is much that the moor should be more than reason .
that is done , sir .
goodly lord , what a wit-snapper are you !
wilt thou show the whole wealth of thy wit in an instant ?
for the table , sir , it shall be served in .
for the meat , sir , it shall be covered .
o dear discretion , how his words are suited !
how cheerest thou , jessica ?
how dost thou like the lord bassanio ’ s wife ?
and if on earth he do not merit it , in reason he should never come to heaven .
even such a husband hast thou of me as she is for a wife .
first let us go to dinner .
nay , let me praise you while i have a stomach .
no , pray thee , let it serve for table talk .
what , is antonio here ?
ready , so please your grace .
i am sorry for thee .
i have heard your grace hath ta'en great pains to qualify his rigorous course .
go , one , and call the jew into the court .
he is ready at the door .
he comes , my lord .
we all expect a gentle answer , jew .
if you deny it , let the danger light upon your charter and your city ’ s freedom .
i ’ ll not answer that but say it is my humour .
what , are you answered yet ?
this is no answer , thou unfeeling man , to excuse the current of thy cruelty .
i am not bound to please thee with my answers .
do all men kill the things they do not love ?
what , wouldst thou have a serpent sting thee twice ?
i would have my bond .
how shalt thou hope for mercy , rendering none ?
what judgment shall i dread , doing no wrong ?
shall i say to you , “ let them be free !
marry them to your heirs !
why sweat they under burdens ?
let their beds be made as soft as yours and let their palates be seasoned with such viands ” ?
you will answer , “ the slaves are ours. ” so do i answer you .
the pound of flesh which i demand of him is dearly bought .
tis mine and i will have it .
if you deny me , fie upon your law— there is no force in the decrees of venice .
by my troth , nerissa , my little body is aweary of this great world .
it is no mean happiness , therefore , to be seated in the mean .
good sentences , and well pronounced .
they would be better if well followed .
it is a good divine that follows his own instructions .
but this reasoning is not in the fashion to choose me a husband .
is it not hard , nerissa , that i can not choose one nor refuse none ?
what , man , courage yet !
i am a tainted wether of the flock , meetest for death .
the weakest kind of fruit drops earliest to the ground , and so let me .
you can not better be employed , bassanio , than to live still and write mine epitaph .
came you from padua , from bellario ?
from both , my lord .
to cut the forfeiture from that bankrupt there .
not on thy sole , but on thy soul , harsh jew , thou makest thy knife keen .
but no metal can— no , not the hangman ’ s axe—bear half the keenness of thy sharp envy .
can no prayers pierce thee ?
no , none that thou hast wit enough to make .
repair thy wit , good youth , or it will fall to cureless ruin .
i stand here for law .
this letter from bellario doth commend a young and learnèd doctor to our court .
he attendeth here hard by to know your answer whether you ’ ll admit him .
come you from old bellario ?
i did , my lord .
are you acquainted with the difference that holds this present question in the court ?
i am informèd thoroughly of the cause .
antonio and old shylock , both stand forth .
do you confess the bond ?
then must the jew be merciful .
on what compulsion must i ?
the quality of mercy is not strained .
it droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven upon the place beneath .
it is twice blessed : it blesseth him that gives and him that takes .
tis mightiest in the mightiest .
it becomes the thronèd monarch better than his crown .
and earthly power doth then show likest god ’ s when mercy seasons justice .
my deeds upon my head .
i crave the law , the penalty , and forfeit of my bond .
is he not able to discharge the money ?
there is no power in venice can alter a decree establishèd .
i pray you , let me look upon the bond .
shylock , there ’ s thrice thy money offered thee .
an oath , an oath , i have an oath in heaven .
shall i lay perjury upon my soul ?
no , not for venice .
bid me tear the bond .
when it is paid according to the tenor .
it doth appear you are a worthy judge .
i charge you by the law , whereof you are a well-deserving pillar , proceed to judgment .
by my soul i swear there is no power in the tongue of man to alter me .
i stay here on my bond .
most heartily i do beseech the court to give the judgment .
why then , thus it is : you must prepare your bosom for his knife .
o wise and upright judge !
how much more elder art thou than thy looks !
nearest his heart ” —those are the very words .
are there balance here to weigh the flesh ?
is it so nominated in the bond ?
it is not so expressed , but what of that ?
twere good you do so much for charity .
i can not find it .
tis not in the bond .
i am armed and well prepared.— give me your hand , bassanio .
repent but you that you shall lose your friend , and he repents not that he pays your debt .
antonio , i am married to a wife which is as dear to me as life itself .
but life itself , my wife , and all the world are not with me esteemed above thy life .
i would lose all—ay , sacrifice them all here to this devil—to deliver you .
your wife would give you little thanks for that if she were by to hear you make the offer .
i have a wife , whom i protest i love .
i would she were in heaven , so she could entreat some power to change this currish jew .
tis well you offer it behind her back .
these be the christian husbands .
the court awards it , and the law doth give it .
and you must cut this flesh from off his breast .
the law allows it , and the court awards it .
most learnèd judge , a sentence !
this bond doth give thee here no jot of blood .
thyself shalt see the act .
for as thou urgest justice , be assured thou shalt have justice more than thou desirest .
i take this offer then : pay the bond thrice and let the christian go .
the jew shall have all justice .
he shall have nothing but the penalty .
therefore prepare thee to cut off the flesh .
shed thou no blood , nor cut thou less nor more but just a pound of flesh .
a second daniel ! —a daniel , jew !
now , infidel , i have you on the hip .
why doth the jew pause ?
give me my principal , and let me go .
i have it ready for thee .
your father was ever virtuous , and holy men at their death have good inspirations .
i pray thee , overname them .
first , there is the neapolitan prince .
i am much afeard my lady his mother played false with a smith .
then there is the county palatine .
god defend me from these two !
how say you by the french lord , monsieur le bon ?
he hath refused it in the open court .
he shall have merely justice and his bond .
thou shalt have nothing but the forfeiture to be so taken at thy peril , jew .
why then , the devil give him good of it !
i ’ ll stay no longer question .
the law hath yet another hold on you .
down , therefore , and beg mercy of the duke .
therefore thou must be hanged at the state ’ s charge .
that thou shalt see the difference of our spirit , i pardon thee thy life before thou ask it .
for half thy wealth , it is antonio ’ s .
the other half comes to the general state , which humbleness may drive unto a fine .
ay , for the state , not for antonio .
nay , take my life and all .
you take my house when you do take the prop that doth sustain my house .
you take my life when you do take the means whereby i live .
what mercy can you render him , antonio ?
a halter gratis , nothing else , for god ’ s sake .
he shall do this , or else i do recant the pardon that i late pronouncèd here .
art thou contented , jew ?
i pray you , give me leave to go from hence .
send the deed after me , and i will sign it .
get thee gone , but do it .
i must away this night toward padua , and it is meet i presently set forth .
and stand indebted , over and above , in love and service to you evermore .
he is well paid that is well satisfied .
and i , delivering you , am satisfied , and therein do account myself well paid .
my mind was never yet more mercenary .
i pray you , know me when we meet again .
i wish you well , and so i take my leave .
take some remembrance of us as a tribute , not as a fee .
this ring , good sir—alas , it is a trifle .
i will not shame myself to give you this .
i will have nothing else but only this .
and now methinks i have a mind to it .
there ’ s more depends on this than on the value .
the dearest ring in venice will i give you , and find it out by proclamation .
only for this , i pray you , pardon me .
i see , sir , you are liberal in offers .
you taught me first to beg , and now methinks you teach me how a beggar should be answered .
good sir , this ring was given me by my wife .
that ’ scuse serves many men to save their gifts .
well , peace be with you .
my lord bassanio , let him have the ring .
come , you and i will thither presently .
and in the morning early will we both fly toward belmont .
inquire the jew ’ s house out .
give him this deed , and let him sign it .
we ’ ll away tonight , and be a day before our husbands home .
this deed will be well welcome to lorenzo .
furthermore , i pray you show my youth old shylock ’ s house .
thou know ’ st where i will tarry .
but , hark , i hear the footing of a man .
who comes so fast in silence of the night ?
your name , i pray you , friend ?
she doth stray about by holy crosses , where she kneels and prays for happy wedlock hours .
none but a holy hermit and her maid .
i pray you , is my master yet returned ?
wo , ha , ho !
did you see master lorenzo ?
tell him there ’ s a post come from my master with his horn full of good news .
my master will be here ere morning .
sweet soul , let ’ s in , and there expect their coming .
god made him and therefore let him pass for a man .
what say you then to falconbridge , the young baron of england ?
you know i say nothing to him , for he understands not me , nor i him .
he is a proper man ’ s picture , but alas , who can converse with a dumb show ?
how oddly he is suited !
what think you of the scottish lord , his neighbor ?
how sweet the moonlight sleeps upon this bank !
here will we sit and let the sounds of music creep in our ears .
soft stillness and the night become the touches of sweet harmony .
look how the floor of heaven is thick inlaid with patens of bright gold .
come ho , and wake diana with a hymn !
with sweetest touches pierce your mistress ' ear , and draw her home with music .
i am never merry when i hear sweet music .
the motions of his spirit are dull as night , and his affections dark as erebus .
let no such man be trusted .
that light we see is burning in my hall .
how far that little candle throws his beams !
so shines a good deed in a naughty world .
when the moon shone we did not see the candle .
so doth the greater glory dim the less .
it is your music , madam , of the house .
nothing is good , i see , without respect .
how many things by season seasoned are to their right praise and true perfection !
how the moon sleeps with endymion and would not be awaked .
that is the voice , or i am much deceived , of portia .
he knows me as the blind man knows the cuckoo— by the bad voice .
dear lady , welcome home .
this night methinks is but the daylight sick .
it looks a little paler .
tis a day such as the day is when the sun is hid .
i thank you , madam .
give welcome to my friend .
this is the man , this is antonio , to whom i am so infinitely bound .
sir , you are very welcome to our house .
it must appear in other ways than words , therefore i scant this breathing courtesy .
a quarrel , ho , already ?
what ’ s the matter ?
gave it a judge ’ s clerk !
he will , an if he live to be a man .
ay , if a woman live to be a man .
i could not for my heart deny it him .
i gave my love a ring and made him swear never to part with it .
now in faith , gratiano , you give your wife too unkind a cause of grief .
an ’ twere to me , i should be mad at it .
my lord bassanio gave his ring away unto the judge that begged it and indeed deserved it too .
and then the boy , his clerk , that took some pains in writing , he begged mine .
and neither man nor master would take aught but the two rings .
what ring gave you my lord ?
not that , i hope , which you received of me .
if i could add a lie unto a fault i would deny it .
but you see my finger hath not the ring upon it .
nerissa teaches me what to believe .
i ’ ll die for ’ t but some woman had the ring .
what should i say , sweet lady ?
i was enforced to send it after him .
let not that doctor e'er come near my house !
know him i shall , i am well sure of it .
lie not a night from home .
i am th ' unhappy subject of these quarrels .
sir , grieve not you .
in both my eyes he doubly sees himself— in each eye , one .
swear by your double self , and there ’ s an oath of credit !
nay , but hear me .
pardon this fault , and by my soul i swear i never more will break an oath with thee .
by heaven , it is the same i gave the doctor !
i had it of him .
what , are we cuckolds ere we have deserved it ?
speak not so grossly.—you are all amazed .
ay , but the clerk that never means to do it unless he live until he be a man .
sweet lady , you have given me life and living .
how like you the young german , the duke of saxony ’ s nephew ?
i will do any thing , nerissa , ere i ’ ll be married to a sponge .
you need not fear , lady , the having any of these lords .
and i pray god grant them a fair departure .
my clerk hath some good comforts too for you .
ay , and i ’ ll give them him without a fee .
fair ladies , you drop manna in the way of starvèd people .
it is almost morning , and yet i am sure you are not satisfied of these events at full .
let us go in , and charge us there upon interr'gatories , and we will answer all things faithfully .
i remember him well , and i remember him worthy of thy praise .
how now , what news ?
the four strangers seek for you , madam , to take their leave .
three thousand ducats , well .
ay , sir , for three months .
for three months , well .
for the which , as i told you , antonio shall be bound .
antonio shall become bound , well .
shall i know your answer ?
three thousand ducats for three months , and antonio bound .
antonio is a good man .
have you heard any imputation to the contrary ?
yet his means are in supposition .
he hath an argosy bound to tripolis , another to the indies .
but ships are but boards , sailors but men .
the man is notwithstanding sufficient .
in sooth , i know not why i am so sad .
it wearies me ; you say it wearies you .
and every object that might make me fear misfortune to my ventures out of doubt would make me sad .
shylock , do you hear ?
tubal , a wealthy hebrew of my tribe , will furnish me .
how many months do you desire ?
ay , ay , three thousand ducats .
i do never use it .
or is your gold and silver ewes and rams ?
oh , what a goodly outside falsehood hath !
three months from twelve , then .
the rate— well , shylock , shall we be beholding to you ?
well then , it now appears you need my help .
what should i say to you ?
should i not say , “ hath a dog money ?
why , look you how you storm !
this is kind i offer .
this kindness will i show .
i ’ ll seal to such a bond , and say there is much kindness in the jew .
you shall not seal to such a bond for me !
i ’ ll rather dwell in my necessity .
if he will take it , so .
and for my love i pray you wrong me not .
yes , shylock , i will seal unto this bond .
then meet me forthwith at the notary ’ s .
hie thee , gentle jew .
my ships come home a month before the day .
i would not change this hue except to steal your thoughts , my gentle queen .
even for that i thank you .
therefore i pray you lead me to the caskets to try my fortune .
but , alas the while !
come , bring me unto my chance .
first , forward to the temple .
after dinner your hazard shall be made .
certainly my conscience will serve me to run from this jew , my master .
budge not , ” says my conscience .
the fiend gives the more friendly counsel .
i will run , fiend .
master young man , you , i pray you , which is the way to master jew ’ s ?
master young gentleman , i pray you , which is the way to master jew ’ s ?
by god ’ s sonties , ’ twill be a hard way to hit .
can you tell me whether one launcelot that dwells with him , dwell with him or no ?
talk you of young master launcelot ?
no “ master , ” sir , but a poor man ’ s son .
your worship ’ s friend and launcelot , sir .
therefore my merchandise makes me not sad .
why then , you are in love .
the boy was the very staff of my age , my very prop .
do i look like a cudgel or a hovel-post , a staff or a prop ?
do you know me , father ?
alack the day , i know you not , young gentleman .
do you not know me , father ?
alack , sir , i am sand-blind .
nay , indeed if you had your eyes , you might fail of the knowing me .
it is a wise father that knows his own child .
well , old man , i will tell you news of your son .
pray you , sir , stand up .
i am sure you are not launcelot , my boy .
pray you , let ’ s have no more fooling about it , but give me your blessing .
i am launcelot , your boy that was , your son that is , your child that shall be .
i can not think you are my son .
her name is margery , indeed .
i ’ ll be sworn , if thou be launcelot , thou art mine own flesh and blood .
it should seem then that dobbin ’ s tail grows backward .
lord , how art thou changed !
how dost thou and thy master agree ?
i have brought him a present .
my master ’ s a very jew .
i am famished in his service .
you may tell every finger i have with my ribs .
father , i am glad you are come .
give me your present to one master bassanio , who indeed gives rare new liveries .
wouldst thou aught with me ?
that is the very defect of the matter , sir .
thou hast obtained thy suit .
my best endeavours shall be done herein .
yonder , sir , he walks .
i have a suit to you .
you must not deny me .
i must go with you to belmont .
why , then you must .
but hear thee , gratiano .
signor bassanio , hear me .
well , we shall see your bearing .
nay , but i bar tonight .
you shall not gauge me by what we do tonight .
i am sorry thou wilt leave my father so .
and launcelot , soon at supper shalt thou see lorenzo , who is thy new master ’ s guest .
if a christian do not play the knave and get thee , i am much deceived .
these foolish drops do something drown my manly spirit .
alack , what heinous sin is it in me to be ashamed to be my father ’ s child !
but though i am a daughter to his blood , i am not to his manners .
we have not made good preparation .
we have not spoke us yet of torchbearers .
tis vile , unless it may be quaintly ordered , and better in my mind not undertook .
tis now but four o'clock .
we have two hours to furnish us .
friend launcelot , what ’ s the news ?
love news , in faith ?
meet me and gratiano at gratiano ’ s lodging some hour hence .
tis good we do so .
was not that letter from fair jessica ?
your worth is very dear in my regard .
i take it your own business calls on you and you embrace th ' occasion to depart .
good signors both , when shall we laugh ?
my lord bassanio , since you have found antonio , we two will leave you .
i will not fail you .
i must needs tell thee all .
i do not bid thee call .
your worship was wont to tell me that i could do nothing without bidding .
i am bid forth to supper , jessica .
there are my keys.—but wherefore should i go ?
i am not bid for love .
i am right loath to go .
there is some ill a-brewing towards my rest , for i did dream of money bags tonight .
i beseech you , sir , go .
my young master doth expect your reproach .
and they have conspired together .
what , are there masques ?
by jacob ’ s staff , i swear , i have no mind of feasting forth tonight .
i will go before , sir.— mistress , look out at window , for all this .
what says that fool of hagar ’ s offspring , ha ?
his words were , “ farewell , mistress. ” nothing else .
drones hive not with me .
well , jessica , go in .
perhaps i will return immediately .
do as i bid you .
fast bind , fast find .
this is the penthouse under which lorenzo desired us to make stand .
his hour is almost past .
and it is marvel he outdwells his hour , for lovers ever run before the clock .
who riseth from a feast with that keen appetite that he sits down ?
all things that are , are with more spirit chasèd than enjoyed .
sweet friends , your patience for my long abode .
not i but my affairs have made you wait .
tell me for more certainty , albeit i ’ ll swear that i do know your tongue .
lorenzo , and thy love .
lorenzo certain , and my love indeed— for who love i so much ?
and now who knows but you , lorenzo , whether i am yours ?
heaven and thy thoughts are witness that thou art .
here , catch this casket .
it is worth the pains .
descend , for you must be my torchbearer .
what , must i hold a candle to my shames ?
i will make fast the doors and gild myself with some more ducats , and be with you straight .
now , by my hood , a gentle and no jew .
beshrew me but i love her heartily .
for she is wise , if i can judge of her .
and fair she is , if that mine eyes be true .
and true she is , as she hath proved herself .
and therefore , like herself—wise , fair and true— shall she be placèd in my constant soul .
what , art thou come ? —on , gentlemen , away !
our masquing mates by this time for us stay .
our friends all stay for you .
i have sent twenty out to seek for you .
i am glad on ’ t .
i desire no more delight than to be under sail and gone tonight .
the one of them contains my picture , prince .
if you choose that , then i am yours withal .
some god direct my judgment !
i will survey th ' inscriptions back again .
what says this leaden casket ?
who chooseth me must give and hazard all he hath. ” must give—for what ?
men that hazard all do it in hope of fair advantages .
a golden mind stoops not to shows of dross .
i ’ ll then nor give nor hazard aught for lead .
what says the silver with her virgin hue ?
what if i strayed no further , but chose here ?
all the world desires her .
from the four corners of the earth they come to kiss this shrine , this mortal breathing saint .
one of these three contains her heavenly picture .
is ’ t like that lead contains her ?
twere damnation to think so base a thought .
it were too gross to rib her cerecloth in the obscure grave .
or shall i think in silver she ’ s immured , being ten times undervalued to tried gold ?
never so rich a gem was set in worse than gold .
you look not well , signor antonio .
you have too much respect upon the world .
and let my liver rather heat with wine than my heart cool with mortifying groans .
i ’ ll tell thee more of this another time .
i ’ ll end my exhortation after dinner .
lies all within.—deliver me the key .
here do i choose , and thrive i as i may !
there , take it , prince .
o hell , what have we here ?
a carrion death , within whose empty eye there is a written scroll .
i ’ ll read the writing .
all that glisters is not gold— often have you heard that told .
many a man his life hath sold but my outside to behold .
gilded tombs do worms enfold .
i have too grieved a heart to take a tedious leave .
a gentle riddance.—draw the curtains , go.— let all of his complexion choose me so .
why , man , i saw bassanio under sail .
with him is gratiano gone along .
and in their ship i am sure lorenzo is not .
the villain jew with outcries raised the duke , who went with him to search bassanio ’ s ship .
the ship was under sail .
besides , antonio certified the duke they were not with bassanio in his ship .
o my daughter , fled with a christian !
justice , find the girl !
let good antonio look he keep his day , or he shall pay for this .
you were best to tell antonio what you hear— yet do not suddenly , for it may grieve him .
i saw bassanio and antonio part .
bassanio told him he would make some speed of his return .
i think he only loves the world for him .
the prince of arragon hath ta'en his oath and comes to his election presently .
behold , there stand the caskets , noble prince .
if you choose that wherein i am contained , straight shall our nuptial rites be solemnized .
but if you fail , without more speech , my lord , you must be gone from hence immediately .
to these injunctions every one doth swear that comes to hazard for my worthless self .
and so have i addressed me .
fortune now to my heart ’ s hope !
gold , silver , and base lead .
what says the golden chest ?
ha , let me see .
and will you rent our ancient love asunder to join with men in scorning your poor friend ?
it is not friendly , ’ tis not maidenly .
it seems that you scorn me .
have you not set lysander , as in scorn , to follow me and praise my eyes and face ?
wherefore speaks he this to her he hates ?
this you should pity rather than despise .
i understand not what you mean by this .
if you have any pity , grace , or manners , you would not make me such an argument .
tis partly my own fault , which death or absence soon shall remedy .
my love , my life , my soul , fair helena !
thou canst compel no more than she entreat .
thy threats have no more strength than her weak prayers.— helen , i love thee .
by my life , i do .
i say i love thee more than he can do .
if thou say so , withdraw and prove it too .
lysander , whereto tends all this ?
why are you grown so rude ?
out , tawny tartar , out !
o hated potion , hence !
yes , sooth , and so do you .
demetrius , i will keep my word with thee .
i would i had your bond , for i perceive a weak bond holds you .
i ’ ll not trust your word .
although i hate her , i ’ ll not harm her so .
ay , by my life , and never did desire to see thee more .
therefore be out of hope , of question , of doubt .
be certain , nothing truer .
fine , i ' faith !
have you no modesty , no maiden shame , no touch of bashfulness ?
why so ? —ay , that way goes the game .
how low am i , thou painted maypole ?
good hermia , do not be so bitter with me .
for love i followed him .
you see how simple and how fond i am .
why , get you gone !
who is ’ t that hinders you ?
a foolish heart , that i leave here behind .
she shall not harm thee , helena .
she was a vixen when she went to school .
and though she be but little , she is fierce .
let me come to her .
what cheer , my love ? — demetrius and egeus , go along .
with duty and desire we follow you .
how now , my love ?
why is your cheek so pale ?
how chance the roses there do fade so fast ?
belike for want of rain , which i could well beteem them from the tempest of my eyes .
but either it was different in blood—
for if thou dost intend never so little show of love to her , thou shalt aby it .
now she holds me not .
nay , i ’ ll go with thee , cheek by jowl .
you , mistress , all this coil is long of you .
nay , go not back .
i am amazed and know not what to say .
believe me , king of shadows , i mistook .
did not you tell me i should know the man by the athenian garment he had on ?
and so far blameless proves my enterprise , that i have 'nointed an athenian ’ s eyes .
and so far am i glad it so did sort , as this their jangling i esteem a sport .
thou seest these lovers seek a place to fight .
hie therefore , robin , overcast the night .
my fairy lord , this must be done with haste .
but we are spirits of another sort .
we may effect this business yet ere day .
up and down , up and down , i will lead them up and down .
i am feared in field and town .
goblin , lead them up and down .
where art thou , proud demetrius ?
thou runaway , thou coward , art thou fled ?
where dost thou hide thy head ?
yea , art thou there ?
he goes before me and still dares me on .
when i come where he calls , then he is gone .
and here will rest me .
nay , then , thou mock ’ st me .
thou shalt buy this dear if ever i thy face by daylight see .
o weary night , o long and tedious night , abate thy hours .
two of both kinds make up four .
here she comes , cursed and sad .
cupid is a knavish lad thus to make poor females mad .
here will i rest me till the break of day .
heavens shield lysander if they mean a fray !
on the ground sleep sound .
scratch my head , peaseblossom .
where ’ s monsieur cobweb ?
do not fret yourself too much in the action , monsieur .
and good monsieur , have a care the honey bag break not .
i would be loath to have you overflown with a honey bag , signor .
where ’ s monsieur mustardseed ?
give me your neaf , monsieur mustardseed .
pray you , leave your courtesy , good monsieur .
what ’ s your will ?
nothing , good monsieur , but to help cavalery cobweb to scratch .
i must to the barber ’ s , monsieur , for methinks i am marvelous hairy about the face .
and i am such a tender ass , if my hair do but tickle me , i must scratch .
what , wilt thou hear some music , my sweet love ?
i have a reasonable good ear in music .
let ’ s have the tongs and the bones .
or say , sweet love , what thou desirest to eat .
truly , a peck of provender .
i could munch your good dry oats .
methinks i have a great desire to a bottle of hay .
good hay , sweet hay , hath no fellow .
i have a venturous fairy that shall seek the squirrel ’ s hoard and fetch thee new nuts .
i had rather have a handful or two of dried peas .
but , i pray you , let none of your people stir me .
i have an exposition of sleep come upon me .
sleep thou , and i will wind thee in my arms .
oh , how i love thee !
how i dote on thee !
seest thou this sweet sight ?
her dotage now i do begin to pity .
and now i have the boy , i will undo this hateful imperfection of her eyes .
but first i will release the fairy queen .
now , my titania , wake you , my sweet queen .
how came these things to pass ?
oh , how mine eyes do loathe his visage now !
music such as charmeth sleep !
too old to be engaged to young .
so quick bright things come to confusion .
if then true lovers have been ever crossed , it stands as an edict in destiny .
therefore , hear me , hermia .
i have a widow aunt , a dowager of great revenue , and she hath no child .
from athens is her house remote seven leagues , and she respects me as her only son .
there , gentle hermia , may i marry thee .
and to that place the sharp athenian law can not pursue us .
fairy king , attend , and mark .
i do hear the morning lark .
then , my queen , in silence sad , trip we after the night ’ s shade .
go , one of you , find out the forester .
uncouple in the western valley .
dispatch , i say , and find the forester .
the skies , the fountains , every region near seemed all one mutual cry .
i never heard so musical a discord , such sweet thunder .
i wonder of their being here together .
is not this the day that hermia should give answer of her choice ?
it is , my lord .
go , bid the huntsmen wake them with their horns .
begin these woodbirds but to couple now ?
i pray you all , stand up .
my lord , i shall reply amazèdly , half sleep , half waking .
but as yet , i swear , i can not truly say how i came here .
to her , my lord , was i betrothed ere i saw hermia .
fair lovers , you are fortunately met .
of this discourse we more will hear anon.— egeus , i will overbear your will .
away with us to athens .
three and three , we ’ ll hold a feast in great solemnity .
are you sure that we are awake ?
it seems to me that yet we sleep , we dream .
and he did bid us follow to the temple .
why then , we are awake .
it shall be called “ bottom ’ s dream ” because it hath no bottom .
and i will sing it in the latter end of a play before the duke .
peradventure , to make it the more gracious , i shall sing it at her death .
have you sent to bottom ’ s house ?
is he come home yet ?
he can not be heard of .
out of doubt he is transported .
if he come not , then the play is marred .
no , he hath simply the best wit of any handicraft man in athens .
yea , and the best person too .
and he is a very paramour for a sweet voice .
if our sport had gone forward , we had all been made men .
thus hath he lost sixpence a day during his life .
he could not have ’ scaped sixpence a day .
an the duke had not given him sixpence a day for playing pyramus , i ’ ll be hanged .
he would have deserved it .
i will tell you everything , right as it fell out .
let us hear , sweet bottom .
not a word of me .
all that i will tell you is that the duke hath dined .
get your apparel together , good strings to your beards , new ribbons to your pumps .
meet presently at the palace .
every man look o'er his part .
and most dear actors , eat no onions nor garlic , for we are to utter sweet breath .
tis strange , my theseus , that these lovers speak of .
i never may believe these antique fables nor these fairy toys .
the lunatic , the lover , and the poet are of imagination all compact .
here come the lovers , full of joy and mirth.— joy , gentle friends !
where is our usual manager of mirth ?
what revels are in hand ?
what masque , what music ?
how shall we beguile the lazy time if not with some delight ?
look , here comes helena .
call you me “ fair ” ?
that “ fair ” again unsay .
tedious ” and “ brief ” ?
that is hot ice and wondrous strange snow .
how shall we find the concord of this discord ?
for in all the play there is not one word apt , one player fitted .
for pyramus therein doth kill himself .
what are they that do play it ?
and we will hear it .
no , my noble lord .
it is not for you .
i will hear that play .
go , bring them in.—and take your places , ladies .
why , gentle sweet , you shall see no such thing .
he says they can do nothing in this kind .
love , therefore , and tongue-tied simplicity in least speak most , to my capacity .
so please your grace , the prologue is addressed .
if we offend , it is with our good will .
that you should think we come not to offend , but with good will .
consider then we come but in despite .
we do not come as minding to contest you , our true intent is .
all for your delight we are not here .
this fellow doth not stand upon points .
he hath rid his prologue like a rough colt .
he knows not the stop .
a good moral , my lord : it is not enough to speak , but to speak true .
his speech was like a tangled chain .
i wonder if the lion be to speak .
no wonder , my lord .
would you desire lime and hair to speak better ?
it is the wittiest partition that ever i heard discourse , my lord .
pyramus draws near the wall .
jove shield thee well for this !
no thisbe do i see .
o wicked wall through whom i see no bliss !
cursed be thy stones for thus deceiving me !
the wall , methinks , being sensible , should curse again .
now will i to the chink , to spy an i can hear my thisbe ’ s face .
my love thou art , my love , i think .
think what thou wilt , i am thy lover ’ s grace .
wilt thou at ninny ’ s tomb meet me straightway ?
tide life , tide death , i come without delay .
thus have i , wall , my part dischargèd so .
and , being done , thus wall away doth go .
this is the silliest stuff that ever i heard .
the best in this kind are but shadows , and the worst are no worse if imagination amend them .
it must be your imagination then , and not theirs .
here come two noble beasts in , a man and a lion .
a very gentle beast , of a good conscience .
this lion is a very fox , for his valor .
and a goose for his discretion .
not so , my lord .
for his valor can not carry his discretion , and the fox carries the goose .
leave it to his discretion , and let us listen to the moon .
this lanthorn doth the hornèd moon present .
the man should be put into the lanthorn .
how is it else the “ man i ' th ' moon ” ?
he dares not come there for the candle .
for you see , it is already in snuff .
i am aweary of this moon .
why , all these should be in the lanthorn , for all these are in the moon.—but silence !
this is old ninny ’ s tomb .
well shone , moon ! —truly , the moon shines with a good grace .
o , teach me how you look and with what art you sway the motion of demetrius ' heart .
i frown upon him , yet he loves me still .
oh , that your frowns would teach my smiles such skill !
i give him curses , yet he gives me love .
oh , that my prayers could such affection move !
the more i hate , the more he follows me .
the more i love , the more he hateth me .
his folly , helena , is no fault of mine .
none , but your beauty .
would that fault were mine !
he no more shall see my face .
lysander and myself will fly this place .
before the time i did lysander see seemed athens as a paradise to me .
helen , to you our minds we will unfold .
and so the lion vanished .
sweet moon , i thank thee for thy sunny beams .
but mark , poor knight , what dreadful dole is here !
eyes , do you see ?
o fates , come , come , cut thread and thrum .
quail , crush , conclude , and quell !
o wherefore , nature , didst thou lions frame ?
thus die i , thus , thus , thus .
now die , die , die , die , die .
with the help of a surgeon he might yet recover and prove an ass .
methinks she should not use a long one for such a pyramus .
i hope she will be brief .
she hath spied him already with those sweet eyes .
and thus she means , videlicet— asleep , my love ?
what , dead , my dove ?
a tomb must cover thy sweet eyes .
these lily lips , this cherry nose , these yellow cowslip cheeks are gone , are gone .
his eyes were green as leeks .
o sisters three , come , come to me with hands as pale as milk .
lay them in gore , since you have shore with shears his thread of silk .
tongue , not a word .
come , blade , my breast imbrue .
moonshine and lion are left to bury the dead .
ay , and wall too .
no epilogue , i pray you , for your play needs no excuse .
never excuse—for when the players are all dead , there needs none to be blamed .
and so it is , truly , and very notably discharged .
but come , your bergomask .
the iron tongue of midnight hath told twelve .
sweet friends , to bed .
through the house give glimmering light , by the dead and drowsy fire .
first , rehearse your song by rote , to each word a warbling note .
hand in hand with fairy grace will we sing and bless this place .
if you pardon , we will mend .
else the puck a liar call .
so good night unto you all .
give me your hands if we be friends , and robin shall restore amends .
there my lysander and myself shall meet .
and thence from athens turn away our eyes to seek new friends and stranger companies .
we must starve our sight from lovers ' food till morrow deep midnight .
i will , my hermia .
as you on him , demetrius dote on you !
he will not know what all but he do know .
things base and vile , holding no quantity , love can transpose to form and dignity .
love looks not with the eyes but with the mind .
and therefore is winged cupid painted blind .
nor hath love ’ s mind of any judgment taste— wings and no eyes figure unheedy haste .
and therefore is love said to be a child , because in choice he is so oft beguiled .
then to the wood will he tomorrow night pursue her .
is all our company here ?
answer as i call you.—nick bottom , the weaver ?
name what part i am for and proceed .
you , nick bottom , are set down for pyramus .
i will condole in some measure.—to the rest.—yet my chief humor is for a tyrant .
i could play ercles rarely , or a part to tear a cat in to make all split .
a lover is more condoling .
francis flute , the bellows-mender ?
it is the lady that pyramus must love .
nay , faith , let me not play a woman .
i have a beard coming .
that ’ s all one .
you shall play it in a mask , and you may speak as small as you will .
an i may hide my face , let me play thisbe too !
you must play pyramus.—and flute , you thisbe .
robin starveling , the tailor ?
robin starveling , you must play thisbe ’ s mother.—tom snout , the tinker ?
have you the lion ’ s part written ?
pray you , if it be , give it me , for i am slow of study .
let me play the lion too .
and that were enough to hang us all .
that would hang us , every mother ’ s son .
therefore you must needs play pyramus .
well , i will undertake it .
what beard were i best to play it in ?
why , what you will .
four days will quickly steep themselves in night .
four nights will quickly dream away the time .
turn melancholy forth to funerals .
the pale companion is not for our pomp .
but i will wed thee in another key , with pomp , with triumph , and with reveling .
happy be theseus , our renownèd duke .
in the meantime i will draw a bill of properties such as our play wants .
i pray you , fail me not .
we will meet , and there we may rehearse most obscenely and courageously .
at the duke ’ s oak we meet .
hold , or cut bowstrings .
i do wander everywhere swifter than the moon ’ s sphere .
and i serve the fairy queen to dew her orbs upon the green .
the cowslips tall her pensioners be .
in those freckles live their savors .
i must go seek some dewdrops here and hang a pearl in every cowslip ’ s ear .
farewell , thou lob of spirits .
i ’ ll be gone .
our queen and all our elves come here anon .
and jealous oberon would have the child knight of his train , to trace the forests wild .
but she perforce withholds the lovèd boy , crowns him with flowers , and makes him all her joy .
thou speak ’ st aright .
i am that merry wanderer of the night .
but , room , fairy !
would that he were gone !
what , jealous oberon ? —fairies , skip hence .
i have forsworn his bed and company .
why art thou here , come from the farthest step of india ?
how canst thou thus for shame , titania , knowing i know thy love to theseus ?
and make him with fair ægles break his faith , with ariadne and antiopa ?
these are the forgeries of jealousy .
the fold stands empty in the drownèd field , and crows are fatted with the murrain flock .
and this same progeny of evils comes from our debate , from our dissension .
we are their parents and original .
do you amend it then .
why should titania cross her oberon ?
i do but beg a little changeling boy , to be my henchman .
set your heart at rest .
the fairyland buys not the child of me .
how long within this wood intend you stay ?
perchance till after theseus ' wedding day .
if you will patiently dance in our round and see our moonlight revels , go with us .
if not , shun me , and i will spare your haunts .
give me that boy and i will go with thee .
not for thy fairy kingdom.—fairies , away !
we shall chide downright , if i longer stay .
well , go thy way .
thou shalt not from this grove till i torment thee for this injury.— my gentle puck , come hither .
yet marked i where the bolt of cupid fell .
it fell upon a little western flower , before milk-white , now purple with love ’ s wound .
and maidens call it “ love-in-idleness. ” fetch me that flower .
the herb i showed thee once .
fetch me this herb , and be thou here again ere the leviathan can swim a league .
i ’ ll put a girdle round about the earth in forty minutes .
i love thee not , therefore pursue me not .
where is lysander and fair hermia ?
the one i ’ ll stay , the other stayeth me .
thou told ’ st me they were stol ' n unto this wood .
and here am i , and wood within this wood , because i can not meet my hermia .
hence , get thee gone , and follow me no more .
you draw me , you hard-hearted adamant .
but yet you draw not iron , for my heart is true as steel .
leave you your power to draw , and i shall have no power to follow you .
do i speak you fair ?
and even for that do i love you the more .
and , demetrius , the more you beat me , i will fawn on you .
use me but as your spaniel—spurn me , strike me , neglect me , lose me .
only give me leave , unworthy as i am , to follow you .
for i am sick when i do look on thee .
and i am sick when i look not on you .
your virtue is my privilege .
nor doth this wood lack worlds of company , for you in my respect are all the world .
then how can it be said i am alone when all the world is here to look on me ?
the wildest hath not such a heart as you .
or if thou follow me , do not believe but i shall do thee mischief in the wood .
ay , in the temple , in the town , the field you do me mischief .
your wrongs do set a scandal on my sex .
we can not fight for love as men may do .
fare thee well , nymph .
ere he do leave this grove , thou shalt fly him and he shall seek thy love .
hast thou the flower there ?
ay , there it is .
i pray thee , give it me .
what ’ s the news with thee ?
what say you , hermia ?
demetrius is a worthy gentleman .
there sleeps titania sometime of the night , lulled in these flowers with dances and delight .
and there the snake throws her enameled skin , weed wide enough to wrap a fairy in .
and with the juice of this i ’ ll streak her eyes and make her full of hateful fantasies .
fear not , my lord .
your servant shall do so .
what thou seest when thou dost wake , do it for thy true love take .
wake when some vile thing is near .
be it so , lysander .
find you out a bed , for i upon this bank will rest my head .
one heart , one bed , two bosoms , and one troth .
do not lie so near .
i mean that my heart unto yours is knit so that but one heart we can make of it .
then by your side no bed room me deny .
and , good night , sweet friend .
thy love ne'er alter till thy sweet life end !
amen , amen to that fair prayer , say i .
stay , though thou kill me , sweet demetrius .
i charge thee , hence , and do not haunt me thus .
o , wilt thou darkling leave me ?
stay , on thy peril .
oh , i am out of breath in this fond chase .
the more my prayer , the lesser is my grace .
happy is hermia , wheresoe'er she lies , for she hath blessèd and attractive eyes .
how came her eyes so bright ?
if so , my eyes are oftener washed than hers .
therefore no marvel though demetrius do , as a monster , fly my presence thus .
what wicked and dissembling glass of mine made me compare with hermia ’ s sphery eyne ?
do not say so , lysander .
what though he love your hermia ?
i do repent the tedious minutes i with her have spent .
not hermia but helena i love .
things growing are not ripe until their season .
so i , being young , till now ripe not to reason .
perforce i must confess i thought you lord of more true gentleness .
oh , that a lady of one man refused should of another therefore be abused !
and here ’ s a marvelous convenient place for our rehearsal .
peter quince— what sayest thou , bully bottom ?
there are things in this comedy of pyramus and thisbe that will never please .
first , pyramus must draw a sword to kill himself , which the ladies can not abide .
i believe we must leave the killing out , when all is done .
i have a device to make all well .
this will put them out of fear .
we will have such a prologue , and it shall be written in eight and six .
no , make it two more .
let it be written in eight and eight .
will not the ladies be afeard of the lion ?
i fear it , i promise you .
for there is not a more fearful wildfowl than your lion living .
therefore another prologue must tell he is not a lion .
for , you know , pyramus and thisbe meet by moonlight .
but in this kind , wanting your father ’ s voice , the other must be held the worthier .
i would my father looked but with my eyes .
rather your eyes must with his judgment look .
i do entreat your grace to pardon me .
therefore , fair hermia , question your desires .
doth the moon shine that night we play our play ?
a calendar , a calendar !
find out moonshine , find out moonshine !
what say you , bottom ?
and let him hold his fingers thus , and through that cranny shall pyramus and thisbe whisper .
if that may be then all is well .
come , sit down , every mother ’ s son , and rehearse your parts.—pyramus , you begin .
when you have spoken your speech , enter into that brake.—and so everyone according to his cue .
speak , pyramus.—thisbe , stand forth .
ay , marry , must you .
ninus ' tomb , ” man .
why , you must not speak that yet .
you speak all your part at once , cues and all.—pyramus , enter .
it is “ never tire. ” oh .
i ’ ll follow you .
why do they run away ?
o bottom , thou art changed !
what do i see on thee ?
you see an ass head of your own , do you ?
bless thee , bottom , bless thee .
but i will not stir from this place , do what they can .
for indeed , who would set his wit to so foolish a bird ?
methinks , mistress , you should have little reason for that .
and yet , to say the truth , reason and love keep little company together nowadays .
the more the pity that some honest neighbors will not make them friends .
thou art as wise as thou art beautiful .
i am a spirit of no common rate .
be kind and courteous to this gentleman .
hop in his walks and gambol in his eyes .
feed him with apricoks and dewberries , with purple grapes , green figs , and mulberries .
and pluck the wings from painted butterflies to fan the moonbeams from his sleeping eyes .
nod to him , elves , and do him courtesies .
i cry your worships ' mercy , heartily.—i beseech your worship ’ s name .
i shall desire you of more acquaintance , good master cobweb .
if i cut my finger , i shall make bold with you.— your name , honest gentleman ?
good master mustardseed , i know your patience well .
that same cowardly , giantlike ox-beef hath devoured many a gentleman of your house .
i promise you your kindred hath made my eyes water ere now .
i desire you of more acquaintance , good master mustardseed .
come , wait upon him .
lead him to my bower .
the moon methinks looks with a watery eye .
and when she weeps , weeps every little flower , lamenting some enforcèd chastity .
tie up my love ’ s tongue .
here comes my messenger.—how now , mad spirit ?
what night-rule now about this haunted grove ?
my mistress with a monster is in love .
i led them on in this distracted fear and left sweet pyramus translated there .
when in that moment so it came to pass , titania waked and straightway loved an ass .
this falls out better than i could devise .
oh , why rebuke you him that loves you so ?
lay breath so bitter on your bitter foe .
the sun was not so true unto the day as he to me .
would he have stolen away from sleeping hermia ?
it can not be but thou hast murdered him .
so should a murderer look , so dead , so grim .
so should the murdered look , and so should i , pierced through the heart with your stern cruelty .
what ’ s this to my lysander ?
ah , good demetrius , wilt thou give him me ?
hast thou slain him then ?
could not a worm , an adder , do so much ?
an adder did it , for with doubler tongue than thine , thou serpent , never adder stung .
i am not guilty of lysander ’ s blood .
nor is he dead , for aught that i can tell .
i pray thee , tell me then that he is well .
an if i could , what should i get therefore ?
relent , sweet hermia—and , lysander , yield thy crazèd title to my certain right .
you have her father ’ s love , demetrius .
and she is mine , and all my right of her i do estate unto demetrius .
a privilege never to see me more .
and from thy hated presence part i so .
see me no more , whether he be dead or no .
here therefore for a while i will remain .
and laid the love juice on some true love ’ s sight .
flower of this purple dye , hit with cupid ’ s archery , sink in apple of his eye .
when thou wakest , if she be by , beg of her for remedy .
shall we their fond pageant see ?
lord , what fools these mortals be !
the noise they make will cause demetrius to awake .
then will two at once woo one .
why should you think that i should woo in scorn ?
look , when i vow , i weep .
you do advance your cunning more and more .
will you give her o'er ?
demetrius loves her , and he loves not you .
i see you all are bent to set against me for your merriment .
you are unkind , demetrius .
and yours of helena to me bequeath , whom i do love and will do till my death .
lysander , keep thy hermia .
helen , it is not so .
look , where thy love comes .
dark night , that from the eye his function takes , the ear more quick of apprehension makes .
thou art not by mine eye , lysander , found .
why should he stay , whom love doth press to go ?
what love could press lysander from my side ?
why seek ’ st thou me ?
could not this make thee know the hate i bear thee made me leave thee so ?
you speak not as you think .
lo , she is one of this confederacy !
all schooldays ' friendship , childhood innocence ?
she can not love nor take no shape nor project of affection she is so self-endeared .
why , you speak truth .
but who dare tell her so ?
if i should speak , she would mock me into air .
o , she would laugh me out of myself , press me to death with wit .
therefore let benedick , like covered fire , consume away in sighs , waste inwardly .
it were a better death than die with mocks , which is as bad as die with tickling .
one doth not know how much an ill word may empoison liking .
o , do not do your cousin such a wrong !
he is the only man of italy , always excepted my dear claudio .
indeed , he hath an excellent good name .
his excellence did earn it , ere he had it .
when are you married , madam ?
why , every day , tomorrow .
i do but stay till your marriage be consummate , and then go i toward aragon .
i ’ ll bring you thither , my lord , if you ’ ll vouchsafe me .
gallants , i am not as i have been .
so say i. methinks you are sadder .
i hope he be in love .
there ’ s no true drop of blood in him to be truly touched with love .
if he be sad , he wants money .
what , sigh for the toothache ?
yet say i , he is in love .
if he be not in love with some woman , there is no believing old signs .
he brushes his hat o ' mornings .
hath any man seen him at the barber ’ s ?
nay , he rubs himself with civet .
can you smell him out by that ?
you embrace your charge too willingly .
her mother hath many times told me so .
you have it full , benedick .
truly , the lady fathers herself.—be happy , lady , for you are like an honorable father .
i wonder that you will still be talking , signor benedick .
what , my dear lady disdain !
that ’ s as much as to say , the sweet youth ’ s in love .
the greatest note of it is his melancholy .
and when was he wont to wash his face ?
yea , or to paint himself ?
for the which i hear what they say of him .
conclude , conclude , he is in love .
nay , but i know who loves him .
she shall be buried with her face upwards .
yet is this no charm for the toothache.—old signior , walk aside with me .
my lord and brother , god save you .
if your leisure served , i would speak with you .
yet count claudio may hear , for what i would speak of concerns him .
what ’ s the matter ?
i know not that , when he knows what i know .
if there be any impediment , i pray you discover it .
you may think i love you not .
let that appear hereafter , and aim better at me by that i now will manifest .
why , what ’ s the matter ?
even she : leonato ’ s hero , your hero , every man ’ s hero .
the word is too good to paint out her wickedness .
i could say she were worse .
think you of a worse title , and i will fit her to it .
wonder not till further warrant .
if you love her then , tomorrow wed her .
but it would better fit your honor to change your mind .
i will not think it .
and as i wooed for thee to obtain her , i will join with thee to disgrace her .
bear it coldly but till midnight and let the issue show itself .
o plague right well prevented !
so will you say when you have seen the sequel .
are you good men and true ?
come hither , neighbor seacole .
god hath blessed you with a good name .
to be a well-favored man is the gift of fortune , but to write and read comes by nature .
both which , master constable— you have .
i knew it would be your answer .
how if he will not stand ?
if he will not stand when he is bidden , he is none of the prince ’ s subjects .
we know what belongs to a watch .
how if they will not ?
why , then , let them alone till they are sober .
if we know him to be a thief , shall we not lay hands on him ?
you , constable , are to present the prince ’ s own person .
if you meet the prince in the night , you may stay him .
nay , by ' r lady , that i think he can not .
by ' r lady , i think it be so .
an there be any matter of weight chances , call up me .
well , masters , we hear our charge .
let us go sit here upon the church bench till two , and then all to bed .
one word more , honest neighbors .
adieu , be vigitant , i beseech you .
mass , and my elbow itched , i thought there would a scab follow .
i will owe thee an answer for that .
and now forward with thy tale .
therefore know i have earned of don john a thousand ducats .
is it possible that any villainy should be so dear ?
thou shouldst rather ask if it were possible any villainy should be so rich .
for when rich villains have need of poor ones , poor ones may make what price they will .
that shows thou art unconfirmed .
yes , it is apparel .
yes , the fashion is the fashion .
tush , i may as well say the fool ’ s the fool .
didst thou not hear somebody ?
no , ’ twas the vane on the house .
then is courtesy a turncoat .
but it is certain i am loved of all ladies , only you excepted .
a dear happiness to women .
they would else have been troubled with a pernicious suitor .
i had rather hear my dog bark at a crow than a man swear he loves me .
scratching could not make it worse an ’ twere such a face as yours were .
well , you are a rare parrot-teacher .
a bird of my tongue is better than a beast of yours .
i would my horse had the speed of your tongue and so good a continuer .
you always end with a jade ’ s trick .
i know you of old .
i dare swear he is no hypocrite but prays from his heart .
and thought they margaret was hero ?
we charge you , in the prince ’ s name , stand !
call up the right master constable .
we have here recovered the most dangerous piece of lechery that ever was known in the commonwealth .
and one deformed is one of them .
i know him ; he wears a lock .
masters , masters— warrant you .
masters , never speak , we charge you , let us obey you go with us .
a commodity in question , i warrant you.—come , we ’ ll obey you .
good ursula , wake my cousin beatrice and desire her to rise .
and bid her come hither .
troth , i think your other rebato were better .
no , pray thee , good meg , i ’ ll wear this .
by my troth , ’ s not so good , and i warrant your cousin will say so .
my cousin ’ s a fool , and thou art another .
i ’ ll wear none but this .
i saw the duchess of milan ’ s gown that they praise so .
oh , that exceeds , they say .
god give me joy to wear it , for my heart is exceeding heavy .
twill be heavier soon by the weight of a man .
is not marriage honorable in a beggar ?
is not your lord honorable without marriage ?
good morrow , sweet hero .
do you speak in the sick tune ?
i am out of all other tune , methinks .
do you sing it , and i ’ ll dance it .
these gloves the count sent me , they are an excellent perfume .
i am stuffed , cousin .
even since you left it .
doth not my wit become me rarely ?
it is not seen enough ; you should wear it in your cap .
by my troth , i am sick .
i meant plain holy thistle .
you may think perchance that i think you are in love .
yet benedick was such another , and now is he become a man .
help to dress me , good coz , good meg , good ursula .
what would you with me , honest neighbor ?
marry , this it is , sir .
yes , in truth it is , sir .
what is it , my good friends ?
goodman verges , sir , speaks a little off the matter .
it pleases your worship to say so , but we are the poor duke ’ s officers .
all thy tediousness on me , ah ?
take their examination yourself and bring it me .
i am now in great haste , as it may appear unto you .
my lord , they stay for you to give your daughter to her husband .
go , good partner , go , get you to francis seacole .
bid him bring his pen and inkhorn to the jail .
we will spare for no wit , i warrant you .
here ’ s that shall drive some of them to a noncome .
if you swear , my lord , you shall not be forsworn .
i am not of many words , but i thank you .
please it your grace lead on ?
benedick , didst thou note the daughter of signior leonato ?
i noted her not , but i looked on her .
is she not a modest young lady ?
do you question me as an honest man should do , for my simple true judgment ?
or would you have me speak after my custom , as being a professed tyrant to their sex ?
no , i pray thee speak in sober judgment .
thou thinkest i am in sport .
i pray thee tell me truly how thou lik ’ st her .
lady , you come hither to be married to this count ?
know you any , hero ?
know you any , count ?
i dare make his answer , none .
o , what men dare do !
what men daily do , not knowing what they do !
why , then , some be of laughing , as , ah , ha , he !
as freely , son , as god did give her me .
and what have i to give you back whose worth may counterpoise this rich and precious gift ?
nothing , unless you render her again .
sweet prince , you learn me noble thankfulness.— there , leonato , take her back again .
she ’ s but the sign and semblance of her honor .
behold how like a maid she blushes here !
oh , what authority and show of truth can cunning sin cover itself withal !
comes not that blood as modest evidence to witness simple virtue ?
she knows the heat of a luxurious bed .
her blush is guiltiness , not modesty .
what do you mean , my lord ?
and seemed i ever otherwise to you ?
out on thee , seeming !
is my lord well , that he doth speak so wide ?
sweet prince , why speak not you ?
i stand dishonored , that have gone about to link my dear friend to a common stale .
are these things spoken , or do i but dream ?
sir , they are spoken , and these things are true .
this looks not like a nuptial .
leonato , stand i here ?
is this the prince ’ s brother ?
is this face hero ’ s ?
are our eyes our own ?
all this is so , but what of this , my lord ?
i charge thee do so , as thou art my child .
oh , god defend me !
how am i beset ! — what kind of catechizing call you this ?
to make you answer truly to your name .
who can blot that name with any just reproach ?
marry , that can hero !
hero itself can blot out hero ’ s virtue .
what man was he talked with you yesternight out at your window betwixt twelve and one ?
now , if you are a maid , answer to this .
i talked with no man at that hour , my lord .
why , how now , cousin !
come , let us go .
these things , come thus to light , smother her spirits up .
dead , i think.—help , uncle ! — hero , why , hero !
death is the fairest cover for her shame that may be wished for .
how now , cousin hero !
yea , wherefore should she not ?
why , doth not every earthly thing cry shame upon her ?
grieved i i had but one ?
chid i for that at frugal nature ’ s frame ?
o , one too much by thee !
why ever wast thou lovely in my eyes ?
sir , sir , be patient .
for my part , i am so attired in wonder i know not what to say .
oh , on my soul , my cousin is belied !
lady , were you her bedfellow last night ?
no , truly not , although until last night i have this twelvemonth been her bedfellow .
friar , it can not be .
there is some strange misprision in the princes .
pause awhile , and let my counsel sway you in this case .
your daughter here the princes left for dead .
let her awhile be secretly kept in and publish it that she is dead indeed .
what shall become of this ?
so will it fare with claudio .
signior leonato , let the friar advise you .
would you buy her , that you enquire after her ?
but speak you this with a sad brow ?
come , in what key shall a man take you to go in the song ?
in mine eye she is the sweetest lady that ever i looked on .
i can see yet without spectacles , and i see no such matter .
but i hope you have no intent to turn husband , have you ?
i would scarce trust myself , though i had sworn the contrary , if hero would be my wife .
is ’ t come to this ?
in faith , hath not the world one man but he will wear his cap with suspicion ?
look , don pedro is returned to seek you .
presently away , for to strange sores strangely they strain the cure.— come , lady , die to live .
this wedding day perhaps is but prolonged .
lady beatrice , have you wept all this while ?
yea , and i will weep a while longer .
i will not desire that .
surely i do believe your fair cousin is wronged .
ah , how much might the man deserve of me that would right her !
is there any way to show such friendship ?
a very even way , but no such friend .
may a man do it ?
it is a man ’ s office , but not yours .
i do love nothing in the world so well as you .
as strange as the thing i know not .
i am sorry for my cousin .
by my sword , beatrice , thou lovest me .
with no sauce that can be devised to it .
i protest i love thee .
why then , god forgive me .
what offense , sweet beatrice ?
you have stayed me in a happy hour .
i was about to protest i loved you .
and do it with all thy heart .
i love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest .
come , bid me do anything for thee .
not for the wide world .
you kill me to deny it .
i am gone , though i am here .
there is no love in you .
nay , i pray you let me go .
beatrice— in faith , i will go .
we ’ ll be friends first .
you dare easier be friends with me than fight with mine enemy .
is he not approved in the height a villain , that hath slandered , scorned , dishonored my kinswoman ?
oh , that i were a man !
i would eat his heart in the marketplace .
hear me , beatrice— talk with a man out at a window !
nay , but beatrice— sweet hero , she is wronged , she is slandered , she is undone .
surely , a princely testimony , a goodly count , count comfect , a sweet gallant , surely !
oh , that i were a man for his sake !
or that i had any friend would be a man for my sake !
he is now as valiant as hercules that only tells a lie and swears it .
i can not be a man with wishing , therefore i will die a woman with grieving .
by this hand , i love thee .
use it for my love some other way than swearing by it .
enough , i am engaged .
i will kiss your hand , and so i leave you .
by this hand , claudio shall render me a dear account .
marry , that am i and my partner .
let them come before master constable .
yea , marry , let them come before me .
what ’ s your name , friend ?
pray , write down , “ borachio. ” —yours , sirrah ?
i am a gentleman , sir , and my name is conrade .
write down “ master gentleman conrade. ” —masters , do you serve god ?
yea , sir , we hope .
how answer you for yourselves ?
marry , sir , we say we are none .
sir , i say to you it is thought you are false knaves .
sir , i say to you we are none .
well , stand aside.—'fore god , they are both in a ale .
have you writ down that they are none ?
master constable , you go not the way to examine .
you must call forth the watch that are their accusers .
yea , marry , that ’ s the eftest way.—let the watch come forth .
this man said , sir , that don john , the prince ’ s brother , was a villain .
write down prince john a villain .
i do not like thy look , i promise thee .
marry , that he had received a thousand ducats of don john for accusing the lady hero wrongfully .
flat burglary as ever was committed .
yea , by mass , that it is .
prince john is this morning secretly stolen away .
god ’ s my life , where ’ s the sexton ?
let him write down the prince ’ s officer “ coxcomb. ” come , bind them.—thou naughty varlet !
you are an ass , you are an ass !
dost thou not suspect my place ?
dost thou not suspect my years ?
therefore give me no counsel .
i pray thee , peace .
yet bend not all the harm upon yourself .
make those that do offend you suffer too .
there thou speak ’ st reason .
nay , i will do so .
here comes the prince and claudio hastily .
good e'en , good e'en .
good day to both of you .
hear you , my lords— we have some haste , leonato .
i would your grace would constrain me to tell .
amen , if you love her , for the lady is very well worthy .
you speak this to fetch me in , my lord .
by my troth , i speak my thought .
some haste , my lord !
well , fare you well , my lord .
are you so hasty now ?
well , all is one .
nay , do not quarrel with us , good old man .
if he could right himself with quarreling , some of us would lie low .
marry , thou dost wrong me , thou dissembler , thou .
nay , never lay thy hand upon thy sword .
marry , beshrew my hand if it should give your age such cause of fear .
in faith , my hand meant nothing to my sword .
tush , tush , man , never fleer and jest at me .
i say thou hast belied mine innocent child .
thine , claudio , thine , i say .
you say not right , old man .
i will not have to do with you .
canst thou so daff me ?
thou hast killed my child .
if thou kill ’ st me , boy , thou shalt kill a man .
he shall kill two of us , and men indeed , but that ’ s no matter .
let him kill one first .
win me and wear me !
let him answer me.— come , follow me , boy .
but brother anthony— come , ’ tis no matter .
let me deal in this .
gentlemen both , we will not wake your patience .
my lord , my lord— i will not hear you .
come , brother ; away !
and shall , or some of us will smart for it .
see , see , here comes the man we went to seek .
now , signior , what news ?
you are almost come to part almost a fray .
we had like to have had our two noses snapped off with two old men without teeth .
what think ’ st thou ?
had we fought , i doubt we should have been too young for them .
in a false quarrel there is no true valor .
as i am an honest man , he looks pale.—art thou sick , or angry ?
thou hast mettle enough in thee to kill care .
sir , i shall meet your wit in the career , an you charge it against me .
i pray you , choose another subject .
i think he be angry indeed .
if he be , he knows how to turn his girdle .
shall i speak a word in your ear ?
god bless me from a challenge !
do me right , or i will protest your cowardice .
you have killed a sweet lady , and her death shall fall heavy on you .
let me hear from you .
what , a feast , a feast ?
i ' faith , i thank him .
i ’ ll tell thee how beatrice praised thy wit he other day .
i said thou hadst a fine wit .
yea , that she did .
the old man ’ s daughter told us all .
and , moreover , god saw him when he was hid in the garden .
but when shall we set the savage bull ’ s horns on the sensible benedick ’ s head ?
yea , and text underneath : “ here dwells benedick the married man ” ?
fare you well , boy .
i will leave you now to your gossip-like humor .
i must discontinue your company .
your brother the bastard is fled from messina .
you have among you killed a sweet and innocent lady .
for my lord lackbeard there , he and i shall meet , and till then peace be with him .
in most profound earnest , and , i ’ ll warrant you , for the love of beatrice .
what a pretty thing man is when he goes in his doublet and hose and leaves off his wit !
but soft you , let me be .
pluck up , my heart , and be sad .
did he not say my brother was fled ?
if justice can not tame you , she shall ne'er weigh more reasons in her balance .
nay , an you be a cursing hypocrite once , you must be looked to .
two of my brother ’ s men bound !
officers , what offense have these men done ?
i have deceived even your very eyes .
the lady is dead upon mine and my master ’ s false accusation .
i have drunk poison whiles he uttered it .
yea , and paid me richly for the practice of it .
he is composed and framed of treachery , and fled he is upon this villainy .
sweet hero , now thy image doth appear in the rare semblance that i loved it first .
here , here comes master signior leonato , and the sexton too .
which of these is he ?
if you would know your wronger , look on me .
art thou the slave that with thy breath hast killed mine innocent child ?
yea , even i alone .
no , not so , villain , thou beliest thyself .
i know not how to pray your patience , yet i must speak .
give her the right you should have given her cousin , and so dies my revenge .
that i love her , i feel .
that she is worthy , i know .
and never could maintain his part but in the force of his will .
that a woman conceived me , i thank her .
that she brought me up , i likewise give her most humble thanks .
i shall see thee , ere i die , look pale with love .
with anger , with sickness , or with hunger , my lord , not with love .
your overkindness doth wring tears from me .
i do embrace your offer ; and dispose for henceforth of poor claudio .
tomorrow then i will expect your coming .
tonight i take my leave .
i thank thee for thy care and honest pains .
your worship speaks like a most thankful and reverent youth , and i praise god for you .
i wish your worship well .
god restore you to health !
we look for you tomorrow .
tonight i ’ ll mourn with hero .
to have no man come over me !
a most manly wit , margaret , it will not hurt a woman .
and so , i pray thee , call beatrice .
well , i will call beatrice to you , who i think hath legs .
sweet beatrice , wouldst thou come when i called thee ?
yea , signior , and depart when you bid me .
oh , stay but till then !
only foul words , and thereupon i will kiss thee .
therefore i will depart unkissed .
thou hast frighted the word out of his right sense , so forcible is thy wit .
but for which of my good parts did you first suffer love for me ?
i do suffer love indeed , for i love thee against my will .
in spite of your heart , i think .
and how long is that , think you ?
question : why , an hour in clamor and a quarter in rheum .
so much for praising myself , who , i myself will bear witness , is praiseworthy .
an now tell me , how doth your cousin ?
serve god , love me , and mend .
madam , you must come to your uncle .
will you go hear this news , signior ?
is this the monument of leonato ?
it is , my lord .
done to death by slanderous tongues was the hero that here lies .
death , in guerdon of her wrongs , gives her fame which never dies .
so the life that died with shame lives in death with glorious fame .
hang thou there upon the tomb , praising her when i am dumb .
now , music , sound , and sing your solemn hymn .
now , unto thy bones good night !
yearly will i do this rite .
did i not tell you she was innocent ?
so are the prince and claudio , who accused her upon the error that you heard debated .
well , i am glad that all things sort so well .
and so am i , being else by faith enforced to call young claudio to a reckoning for it .
the prince and claudio promised by this hour to visit me.—you know your office , brother .
you must be father to your brother ’ s daughter , and give her to young claudio .
to do what , signior ?
that eye my daughter lent her ; ’ tis most true .
and i do with an eye of love requite her .
the sight whereof i think you had from me , from claudio and the prince .
but what ’ s your will ?
your answer , sir , is enigmatical .
here comes the prince and claudio .
good morrow to this fair assembly .
good morrow , prince ; good morrow , claudio .
are you yet determined today to marry with my brother ’ s daughter ?
i ’ ll hold my mind were she an ethiope .
well , as time shall try .
well , you temporize with the hours .
call her forth , brother .
here ’ s the friar ready .
i think he thinks upon the savage bull .
tush , fear not , man .
which is the lady i must seize upon ?
this same is she , and i do give you her .
no , that you shall not till you take her hand before this friar and swear to marry her .
she died , my lord , but whiles her slander lived .
soft and fair , friar.—which is beatrice ?
do not you love me ?
why no , no more than reason .
why then , your uncle and the prince and claudio have been deceived .
do not you love me ?
troth , no , no more than reason .
they swore that you were almost sick for me .
they swore that you were well-nigh dead for me .
then you do not love me ?
no , truly , but in friendly recompense .
come , cousin , i am sure you love the gentleman .
here ’ s our own hands against our hearts .
come , i will have thee , but , by this light , i take thee for pity .
i will stop your mouth .
how dost thou , benedick , the married man ?
dost thou think i care for a satire or an epigram ?
first , of my word !
therefore play , music.—prince , thou art sad .
get thee a wife , get thee a wife .
to the tuition of god .
from my house , if i had it— the sixth of july .
my liege , your highness now may do me good .
my love is thine to teach .
hath leonato any son , my lord ?
no child but hero ; she ’ s his only heir .
dost thou affect her , claudio ?
was ’ t not to this end that thou began ’ st to twist so fine a story ?
but lest my liking might too sudden seem , i would have salved it with a longer treatise .
what need the bridge much broader than the flood ?
in practice let us put it presently .
hath he provided this music ?
he is very busy about it .
but , brother , i can tell you strange news that you yet dreamt not of .
hath the fellow any wit that told you this ?
i will send for him , and question him yourself .
he is very near by this .
he was not three leagues off when i left him .
how many gentlemen have you lost in this action ?
but few of any sort , and none of name .
a victory is twice itself when the achiever brings home full numbers .
i find here that don pedro hath bestowed much honor on a young florentine called claudio .
he hath an uncle here in messina will be very much glad of it .
no , no , we will hold it as a dream till it appear itself .
go you and tell her of it .
cousins , you know what you have to do.—o , i cry you mercy , friend .
go you with me and i will use your skill.— good cousin , have a care this busy time .
what the goodyear , my lord , why are you thus out of measure sad ?
therefore the sadness is without limit .
i can not hide what i am .
yea , but you must not make the full show of this till you may do it without controlment .
it is needful that you frame the season for your own harvest .
in the meantime , let me be that i am , and seek not to alter me .
can you make no use of your discontent ?
i make all use of it , for i use it only .
what is he for a fool that betroths himself to unquietness ?
marry , it is your brother ’ s right hand .
marry , on hero , the daughter and heir of leonato .
how came you to this ?
come , come , let us thither .
this may prove food to my displeasure .
if i can cross him any way , i bless myself every way .
you are both sure , and will assist me ?
to the death , my lord .
let us to the great supper .
we ’ ll wait upon your lordship .
was not count john here at supper ?
how tartly that gentleman looks !
i never can see him but i am heartburned an hour after .
he is of a very melancholy disposition .
he were an excellent man that were made just in the midway between him and benedick .
in faith , she ’ s too curst .
you may light on a husband that hath no beard .
what should i do with him ?
well then , go you into hell ?
not till god make men of some other metal than earth .
would it not grieve a woman to be overmastered with a piece of valiant dust ?
to make an account of her life to a clod of wayward marl ?
no , uncle , i ’ ll none .
cousin , you apprehend passing shrewdly .
i have a good eye , uncle .
i can see a church by daylight .
the revelers are entering , brother .
lady , will you walk a bout with your friend ?
and when please you to say so ?
when i like your favor , for god defend the lute should be like the case !
my visor is philemon ’ s roof ; within the house is jove .
speak low if you speak love .
well , i would you did like me .
i say my prayers aloud .
at a word , i am not .
i know you by the waggling of your head .
to tell you true , i counterfeit him .
you could never do him so ill-well unless you were the very man .
here ’ s his dry hand up and down .
you are he , you are he .
at a word , i am not .
come , come , do you think i do not know you by your excellent wit ?
go to , mum , you are he .
graces will appear , and there ’ s an end .
will you not tell me who told you so ?
no , you shall pardon me .
nor will you not tell me who you are ?
that i was disdainful and that i had my good wit out of the hundred merry tales !
well this was signor benedick that said so .
i am sure you know him well enough .
not i , believe me .
did he never make you laugh ?
there are no faces truer than those that are so washed .
how much better is it to weep at joy than to joy at weeping !
there was none such in the army of any sort .
what is he that you ask for , niece ?
my cousin means signor benedick of padua .
oh , he ’ s returned , and as pleasant as ever he was .
i pray you , what is he ?
i am sure he is in the fleet .
i would he had boarded me .
when i know the gentleman , i ’ ll tell him what you say .
we must follow the leaders .
nay , if they lead to any ill , i will leave them at the next turning .
signor , you are very near my brother in his love .
he is enamored on hero .
i pray you , dissuade him from her .
how know you he loves her ?
i heard him swear his affection .
so did i too , and he swore he would marry her tonight .
come , let us to the banquet .
thus answer i in the name of benedick , but hear these ill news with the ears of claudio .
tis certain so , the prince woos for himself .
friendship is constant in all other things save in the office and affairs of love .
therefore all hearts in love use their own tongues .
farewell , therefore , hero .
come , will you go with me ?
i wish him joy of her .
why , that ’ s spoken like an honest drover ; so they sell bullocks .
but did you think the prince would have served you thus ?
i pray you , leave me .
ho , now you strike like the blind man .
twas the boy that stole your meat , and you ’ ll beat the post .
if it will not be , i ’ ll leave you .
alas , poor hurt fowl , now will he creep into sedges .
but that my lady beatrice should know me , and not know me !
the prince ’ s fool !
ha , it may be i go under that title because i am merry .
yea , but so i am apt to do myself wrong .
i am not so reputed !
well , i ’ ll be revenged as i may .
now , signior , where ’ s the count ?
troth , my lord , i have played the part of lady fame .
i found him here as melancholy as a lodge in a warren .
what ’ s his fault ?
wilt thou make a trust a transgression ?
the transgression is in the stealer .
the lady beatrice hath a quarrel to you .
the gentleman that danced with her told her she is much wronged by you .
she speaks poniards , and every word stabs .
come , talk not of her .
look , here she comes .
will your grace command me any service to the world ’ s end ?
i will go on the slightest errand now to the antipodes that you can devise to send me on .
marry , once before he won it of me with false dice .
therefore your grace may well say i have lost it .
you have put him down , lady , you have put him down .
why , how now , count , wherefore are you sad ?
not sad , my lord .
i have broke with her father and his goodwill obtained .
name the day of marriage , and god give thee joy .
count , take of me my daughter , and with her my fortunes .
his grace hath made the match , and all grace say “ amen ” to it .
speak , count , ’ tis your cue .
i give away myself for you and dote upon the exchange .
in faith , lady , you have a merry heart .
i thank it , poor fool , it keeps on the windy side of care .
my cousin tells him in his ear that he is in her heart .
and so she doth , cousin .
thus goes everyone to the world but i , and i am sunburnt .
i would rather have one of your father ’ s getting .
hath your grace ne'er a brother like you ?
your father got excellent husbands , if a maid could come by them .
will you have me , lady ?
no , my lord , unless i might have another for working days .
your grace is too costly to wear every day .
but i beseech your grace pardon me .
i was born to speak all mirth and no matter .
niece , will you look to those things i told you of ?
i cry you mercy , uncle.—by your grace ’ s pardon .
by my troth , a pleasant-spirited lady .
there ’ s little of the melancholy element in her , my lord .
she can not endure to hear tell of a husband .
oh , by no means .
she mocks all her wooers out of suit .
she were an excellent wife for benedict .
o lord , my lord , if they were but a week married , they would talk themselves mad .
county claudio , when mean you to go to church ?
my lord , i am for you , though it cost me ten nights ' watchings .
and i , my lord .
and you too , gentle hero ?
i will do any modest office , my lord , to help my cousin to a good husband .
and benedick is not the unhopefulest husband that i know .
go in with me , and i will tell you my drift .
he hath done good service , lady , in these wars .
you had musty victual , and he hath holp to eat it .
and a good soldier too , lady .
a lord to a lord , a man to a man , stuffed with all honorable virtues .
he is no less than a stuffed man .
but for the stuffing—well , we are all mortal .
you must not , sir , mistake my niece .
there is a kind of merry war betwixt signor benedick and her .
they never meet but there ’ s a skirmish of wit between them .
he hath every month a new sworn brother .
the count claudio shall marry the daughter of leonato .
yea , my lord , but i can cross it .
any bar , any cross , any impediment will be med'cinable to me .
i am sick in displeasure to him , and whatsoever comes athwart his affection ranges evenly with mine .
how canst thou cross this marriage ?
not honestly , my lord , but so covertly that no dishonesty shall appear in me .
what life is in that to be the death of this marriage ?
the poison of that lies in you to temper .
what proof shall i make of that ?
proof enough to misuse the prince , to vex claudio , to undo hero , and kill leonato .
look you for any other issue ?
only to despite them , i will endeavor anything .
go then , find me a meet hour to draw don pedro and the count claudio alone .
tell them that you know that hero loves me .
they will scarcely believe this without trial .
be you constant in the accusation , and my cunning shall not shame me .
i will presently go learn their day of marriage .
in my chamber window lies a book .
bring it hither to me in the orchard .
i am here already , sir .
i know that , but i would have thee hence and here again .
i can not tell ; i think not .
the prince and monsieur love !
i will hide me in the arbor .
come , shall we hear this music ?
yea , my good lord .
come , balthasar , we ’ ll hear that song again .
o , good my lord , tax not so bad a voice to slander music anymore than once .
i pray thee , sing , and let me woo no more .
strange that sheeps ' guts should hale souls out of men ’ s bodies ?
by my troth , a good song .
and an ill singer , my lord .
yea , marry , dost thou hear , balthasar ?
the best i can , my lord .
what was it you told me of today , that your niece beatrice was in love with signor benedick ?
sits.—i did never think that lady would have loved any man .
may be she doth but counterfeit .
there was never counterfeit of passion came so near the life of passion as she discovers it .
why , what effects of passion shows she ?
what effects , my lord ?
she will sit you—you heard my daughter tell you how .
how , how i pray you ?
i would have thought her spirit had been invincible against all assaults of affection .
i would have sworn it had , my lord , especially against benedick .
hath she made her affection known to benedick ?
no , and swears she never will .
that ’ s her torment .
tis true indeed , so your daughter says .
my daughter tells us all .
now you talk of a sheet of paper , i remember a pretty jest your daughter told .
it were good that benedick knew of it by some other , if she will not discover it .
he would make but a sport of it and torment the poor lady worse .
an he should , it were an alms to hang him .
she ’ s an excellent sweet lady , and , out of all suspicion , she is virtuous .
and she is exceeding wise .
i am sorry for her , as i have just cause , being her uncle and her guardian .
i would she had bestowed this dotage on me .
i would have daffed all other respects and made her half myself .
i pray you tell benedick of it and hear what he will say .
were it good , think you ?
he is a very proper man .
before god , and in my mind , very wise .
he doth indeed show some sparks that are like wit .
i see , lady , the gentleman is not in your books .
but i pray you , who is his companion ?
he is most in the company of the right noble claudio .
o lord , he will hang upon him like a disease !
god help the noble claudio !
if he have caught the benedick , it will cost him a thousand pound ere a be cured .
i will hold friends with you , lady .
you will never run mad , niece .
no , not till a hot january .
if he do fear god , he must necessarily keep peace .
if he break the peace , he ought to enter into a quarrel with fear and trembling .
well , i am sorry for your niece .
shall we go seek benedick and tell him of her love ?
against my will , i am sent to bid you come in to dinner .
fair beatrice , i thank you for your pains .
i took no more pains for those thanks than you take pains to thank me .
if it had been painful , i would not have come .
you take pleasure then in the message ?
you have no stomach , signior .
if i do not love her , i am a jew .
good margaret , run thee to the parlor .
there shalt thou find my cousin beatrice proposing with the prince and claudio .
there will she hide her to listen our propose .
bear thee well in it and leave us alone .
i ’ ll make her come , i warrant you , presently .
my talk to thee must be how benedick is sick in love with beatrice .
fear you not my part of the dialogue .
but are you sure that benedick loves beatrice so entirely ?
so says the prince and my new-trothèd lord .
and did they bid you tell her of it , madam ?
doth not the gentleman deserve as full as fortunate a bed as ever beatrice shall couch upon ?
what ’ s the matter , lieutenant ?
i ’ ll beat the knave into a twiggen bottle .
dost thou prate , rogue ?
i pray you , sir , hold your hand .
let me go , sir , or i ’ ll knock you o'er the mazzard .
come , come , you ’ re drunk .
who ’ s that which rings the bell ? —diablo , ho !
fie , fie , lieutenant , you ’ ll be ashamed for ever .
what is the matter here ?
hold , for your lives !
the general speaks to you .
for christian shame , put by this barbarous brawl .
silence that dreadful bell , it frights the isle from her propriety .
on thy love , i charge thee .
swords out , and tilting one at other ’ s breasts in opposition bloody .
worthy montano , you were wont be civil .
give me answer to it .
worthy othello , i am hurt to danger .
iago , who began ’ t ?
touch me not so near .
i had rather have this tongue cut from my mouth than it should do offence to michael cassio .
yet i persuade myself to speak the truth shall nothing wrong him .
more of this matter can not i report .
i ’ ll make thee an example .
what ’ s the matter , dear ?
all ’ s well , sweeting , come away to bed.— myself will be your surgeon .
what , are you hurt , lieutenant ?
ay , past all surgery .
what tell ’ st thou me of robbing ?
you ’ ll have your nephews neigh to you .
you ’ ll have coursers for cousins and gennets for germans .
what profane wretch art thou ?
i know thee , roderigo .
sir , i will answer any thing .
reputation , reputation , reputation !
my reputation , iago , my reputation !
as i am an honest man , i thought you had received some bodily wound .
there is more sense in that than in reputation .
you have lost no reputation at all unless you repute yourself such a loser .
what , man , there are ways to recover the general again .
sue to him again and he ’ s yours .
and discourse fustian with one ’ s own shadow ?
what was he that you followed with your sword ?
what had he done to you ?
i remember a mass of things , but nothing distinctly .
a quarrel , but nothing wherefore .
that we should , with joy , pleasance revel and applause , transform ourselves into beasts !
why , but you are now well enough .
how came you thus recovered ?
one unperfectness shows me another , to make me frankly despise myself .
come , you are too severe a moraler .
but since it is as it is , mend it for your own good .
i will ask him for my place again , he shall tell me i am a drunkard .
had i as many mouths as hydra , such an answer would stop them all .
to be now a sensible man , by and by a fool , and presently a beast !
every inordinate cup is unblessed and the ingredient is a devil .
come , come , good wine is a good familiar creature , if it be well used .
exclaim no more against it .
and , good lieutenant , i think you think i love you .
i have well approved it , sir .
you or any man living may be drunk at a time , man .
i tell you what you shall do .
our general ’ s wife is now the general .
confess yourself freely to her , importune her help to put you in your place again .
i protest , in the sincerity of love and honest kindness .
i am desperate of my fortunes if they check me .
you are in the right .
good night , lieutenant , i must to the watch .
good night , honest iago .
and what ’ s he then that says i play the villain ?
for ’ tis most easy th ' inclining desdemona to subdue in any honest suit .
she ’ s framed as fruitful as the free elements .
how am i then a villain to counsel cassio to this parallel course , directly to his good ?
and by how much she strives to do him good she shall undo her credit with the moor .
and so , with no money at all and a little more wit , return again to venice .
how poor are they that have not patience !
what wound did ever heal but by degrees ?
thou know ’ st we work by wit and not by witchcraft , and wit depends on dilatory time .
does ’ t not go well ?
in troth , ’ tis morning .
pleasure and action make the hours seem short .
retire thee , go where thou art billeted .
nay , get thee gone .
two things are to be done : my wife must move for cassio to her mistress .
i ’ ll set her on .
ay , that ’ s the way .
masters , play here , i will content your pains .
are these , i pray you , wind instruments ?
ay , marry , are they , sir .
oh , thereby hangs a tail .
whereby hangs a tale , sir ?
well , sir , we will not .
if you have any music that may not be heard , to ’ t again .
but , as they say , to hear music the general does not greatly care .
we have none such , sir .
then put up your pipes in your bag , for i ’ ll away .
go , vanish into air , away !
dost thou hear , my honest friend ?
prithee , keep up thy quillets .
she is stirring , sir .
if she will stir hither , i shall seem to notify unto her .
in happy time , iago .
you have not been abed , then ?
my suit to her is that she will to virtuous desdemona procure me some access .
i humbly thank you for ’ t .
good morrow , good lieutenant .
i am sorry for your displeasure , but all will sure be well .
the general and his wife are talking of it , and she speaks for you stoutly .
i will bestow you where you shall have time to speak your bosom freely .
i am much bound to you .
these letters give , iago , to the pilot , and by him do my duties to the senate .
that done , i will be walking on the works , repair there to me .
well , my good lord , i ’ ll do ’ t .
this fortification , gentlemen , shall we see ’ t ?
we ’ ll wait upon your lordship .
be thou assured , good cassio , i will do all my abilities in thy behalf .
you do love my lord .
my lord shall never rest , i ’ ll watch him tame and talk him out of patience .
but if you know not this my manners tell me we have your wrong rebuke .
strike on the tinder , ho !
give me a taper , call up all my people !
this accident is not unlike my dream , belief of it oppresses me already .
light , i say , light !
farewell , for i must leave you .
therefore be merry , cassio , for thy solicitor shall rather die than give thy cause away .
madam , here comes my lord .
madam , i ’ ll take my leave .
why , stay and hear me speak .
i am very ill at ease , unfit for mine own purposes .
well , do your discretion .
nothing , my lord , or if—i know not what .
was not that cassio parted from my wife ?
i do believe ’ twas he .
how now , my lord ?
i have been talking with a suitor here , a man that languishes in your displeasure .
who is ’ t you mean ?
why , your lieutenant , cassio .
good my lord , if i have any grace or power to move you his present reconciliation take .
i prithee , call him back .
good love , call him back .
not now , sweet desdemona .
but shall ’ t be shortly ?
the sooner , sweet , for you .
shall ’ t be tonight at supper ?
why , then , tomorrow night , or tuesday morn .
on tuesday noon , or night , or wednesday morn .
i prithee name the time , but let it not exceed three days .
trust me , i could do much— prithee , no more .
let him come when he will , i will deny thee nothing .
i will deny thee nothing !
whereon i do beseech thee , grant me this , to leave me but a little to myself .
i ’ ll come to thee straight .
perdition catch my soul but i do love thee !
my noble lord— what dost thou say , iago ?
did michael cassio , when you wooed my lady , know of your love ?
he did , from first to last .
why of thy thought , iago ?
i did not think he had been acquainted with her .
discern ’ st thou aught in that ?
honest , ay , honest .
my lord , for aught i know .
i heard thee say even now thou lik ’ st not that when cassio left my wife .
if thou dost love me show me thy thought .
my lord , you know i love you .
for michael cassio , i dare be sworn , i think , that he is honest .
men should be what they seem , or those that be not , would they might seem none !
certain , men should be what they seem .
why then i think cassio ’ s an honest man .
nay , yet there ’ s more in this .
good name in man and woman , dear my lord , is the immediate jewel of their souls .
who steals my purse steals trash .
tis something , nothing : 't was mine , ’ tis his , and has been slave to thousands .
i ’ ll know thy thoughts .
oh , beware , my lord , of jealousy !
it is the green-eyed monster which doth mock the meat it feeds on .
good heaven , the souls of all my tribe defend from jealousy !
why , why is this ?
to be once in doubt is to be resolved .
where virtue is , these are more virtuous .
therefore , as i am bound , receive it from me .
i speak not yet of proof .
i know our country disposition well .
in venice they do let god see the pranks they dare not show their husbands .
why , go to then .
but i am much to blame .
i humbly do beseech you of your pardon for too much loving you .
i am bound to thee forever .
i see this hath a little dashed your spirits .
not a jot , not a jot .
trust me , i fear it has .
i hope you will consider what is spoke comes from my love .
but i do see you ’ re moved .
cassio ’ s my worthy friend— my lord , i see you ’ re moved .
no , not much moved .
if more thou dost perceive , let me know more .
set on thy wife to observe .
my lord , i take my leave .
note if your lady strain his entertainment
it is too true an evil .
and what ’ s to come of my despisèd time is naught but bitterness .
are they married , think you ?
truly , i think they are .
oh , heaven , how got she out ?
oh , treason of the blood !
fathers , from hence trust not your daughters ' minds by what you see them act .
is there not charms by which the property of youth and maidhood may be abused ?
have you not read , roderigo , of some such thing ?
yes , sir , i have indeed .
i think i can discover him , if you please to get good guard and go along with me .
with any strong or vehement importunity .
much will be seen in that .
i once more take my leave .
oh , curse of marriage that we can call these delicate creatures ours and not their appetites !
yet ’ tis the plague to great ones , prerogatived are they less than the base .
tis destiny unshunnable , like death .
even then this forkèd plague is fated to us when we do quicken .
if she be false , heaven mocked itself .
i ’ ll not believe ’ t .
how now , my dear othello ?
your dinner , and the generous islanders by you invited , do attend your presence .
why do you speak so faintly ?
i have a pain upon my forehead , here .
why that ’ s with watching , ’ twill away again .
let me but bind it hard , within this hour it will be well .
come , i ’ ll go in with you .
i am very sorry that you are not well .
my wayward husband hath a hundred times
i ’ ll have the work ta'en out and give ’ t iago .
what he will do with it heaven knows , not i. i nothing but to please his fantasy .
what do you here alone ?
i have a thing for you .
it is a common thing— ha ?
to have a foolish wife .
oh , is that all ?
what will you give me now for the same handkerchief ?
why , that the moor first gave to desdemona , that which so often you did bid me steal .
hast stolen it from her ?
look , here it is .
a good wench , give it me .
what will you do with ’ t , that you have been so earnest to have me filch it ?
why , what is that to you ?
if it be not for some purpose of import , give ’ t me again .
poor lady , she ’ ll run mad when she shall lack it .
the moor already changes with my poison .
look , where he comes .
i swear ’ tis better to be much abused than but to know ’ t a little .
how now , my lord !
what sense had i in her stol ' n hours of lust ?
i saw ’ t not , thought it not , it harmed not me .
i slept the next night well , fed well , was free and merry .
i found not cassio ’ s kisses on her lips .
i am sorry to hear this .
oh , now forever farewell the tranquil mind !
farewell the plumèd troops and the big wars that makes ambition virtue !
and o you mortal engines , whose rude throats the immortal jove ’ s dead clamors counterfeit , farewell !
othello ’ s occupation ’ s gone .
is ’ t possible , my lord ?
is ’ t come to this ?
oh , heaven forgive me !
have you a soul or sense ?
god buy you , take mine office .
take note , take note , o world , to be direct and honest is not safe .
i should be wise , for honesty ’ s a fool and loses that it works for .
by the world , i think my wife be honest and think she is not .
i think that thou art just and think thou art not .
i ’ ll have some proof .
i see , sir , you are eaten up with passion .
i do repent me that i put it to you .
nay , and i will .
and may , but how ?
how satisfied , my lord ?
would you , the supervisor , grossly gape on , behold her topped ?
it were a tedious difficulty , i think , to bring them to that prospect .
give me a living reason she ’ s disloyal .
i do not like the office .
i lay with cassio lately and , being troubled with a raging tooth , i could not sleep .
nay , this was but his dream .
tis a shrewd doubt , though it be but a dream .
and this may help to thicken other proofs that do demonstrate thinly .
i ’ ll tear her all to pieces !
oh , that the slave had forty thousand lives !
one is too poor , too weak for my revenge .
now do i see ’ tis true .
swell , bosom , with thy fraught , for ’ tis of aspics ' tongues !
let him command , and to obey shall be in me remorse , what bloody business ever .
within these three days let me hear thee say that cassio ’ s not alive .
oh , damn her , damn her !
come , go with me apart .
i will withdraw to furnish me with some swift means of death for the fair devil .
now art thou my lieutenant .
i am your own for ever .
at every house i ’ ll call .
i will deserve your pains .
to tell you where he lodges is to tell you where i lie .
can anything be made of this ?
can you inquire him out and be edified by report ?
seek him , bid him come hither .
tell him i have moved my lord on his behalf , and hope all will be well .
where should i lose that handkerchief , emilia ?
i know not , madam .
believe me , i had rather have lost my purse full of crusadoes .
i think the sun where he was born drew all such humors from him .
hot , hot , and moist .
this hand of yours requires a sequester from liberty , fasting , and prayer ,
tis a good hand , a frank one .
the hearts of old gave hands , but our new heraldry is hands , not hearts .
i can not speak of this .
come now , your promise .
i have sent to bid cassio come speak with you .
i have a salt and sorry rheum offends me .
that which i gave you .
i have it not about me .
no , indeed , my lord .
that ’ s a fault .
i did so , and take heed on ’ t , make it a darling like your precious eye .
there ’ s magic in the web of it .
most veritable , therefore look to ’ t well .
then would to heaven that i had never seen ’ t !
why do you speak so startingly and rash ?
speak , is ’ t out o ' th ' way ?
it is not lost , but what and if it were ?
i say , it is not lost .
pray you , let cassio be received again .
fetch me the handkerchief—my mind misgives .
come , come , you ’ ll never meet a more sufficient man .
is not this man jealous ?
i ne'er saw this before .
they are all but stomachs , and we all but food .
to eat us hungerly , and when they are full , they belch us .
look you , cassio and my husband !
there is no other way .
tis she must do ’ t , and , lo , the happiness !
you must awhile be patient .
what i can do i will , and more i will than for myself i dare .
there ’ s matter in ’ t indeed , if he be angry .
i prithee , do so .
i never gave him cause .
but jealous souls will not be answered so .
they are not ever jealous for the cause , but jealous for they ’ re jealous .
it is a monster begot upon itself , born on itself .
heaven keep the monster from othello ’ s mind !
i will go seek him.—cassio , walk hereabout .
i humbly thank your ladyship .
save you , friend cassio !
what make you from home ?
how is ’ t with you , my most fair bianca ?
indeed , sweet love , i was coming to your house .
and i was going to your lodging , cassio .
what , keep a week away ?
and lovers ' absent hours more tedious than the dial eightscore times !
o cassio , whence came this ?
is ’ t come to this ?
why , whose is it ?
i like the work well .
ere it be demanded , as like enough it will , i would have it copied .
take it and do ’ t , and leave me for this time .
why , i pray you ?
not that i love you not .
but that you do not love me .
tis but a little way that i can bring you , for i attend here .
but i ’ ll see you soon .
nine or ten times i had thought t ' have yerked him here under the ribs .
tis better as it is .
let him do his spite .
my services which i have done the signiory shall out-tongue his complaints .
what , to kiss in private ?
or to be naked with her friend in bed an hour or more , not meaning any harm ?
naked in bed , iago , and not mean harm !
it is hypocrisy against the devil .
so they do nothing , ’ tis a venial slip .
but if i give my wife a handkerchief— what then ?
she is protectress of her honor too .
but for the handkerchief— by heaven , i would most gladly have forgot it .
ay , what of that ?
that ’ s not so good now .
what if i had said i had seen him do you wrong ?
he hath , my lord , but be you well assured no more than he ’ ll unswear .
why , that he did—i know not what he did .
with her , on her , what you will .
lie with her—that ’ s fulsome .
noses , ears , and lips .
confess ! —handkerchief ! —oh , devil ! — work on , my medicine , work !
what ’ s the matter ?
this is his second fit .
rub him about the temples .
if not , he foams at mouth and by and by breaks out to savage madness .
do you withdraw yourself a little while ,
when he is gone i would on great occasion speak with you .
how is it , general ?
have you not hurt your head ?
would you would bear your fortune like a man !
a hornèd man ’ s a monster and a beast .
no , let me know , and knowing what i am , i know what she shall be .
oh , thou art wise !
whilst you were here o'erwhelmèd with your grief— a passion most resulting such a man— cassio came hither .
i shifted him away and laid good ’ scuses upon your ecstasy ,
bade him anon return and here speak with me , the which he promised .
i say , but mark his gesture .
dost thou hear , iago ?
he , when he hears of her , can not refrain from the excess of laughter .
as he shall smile , othello shall go mad .
look how he laughs already !
i never knew woman love man so .
alas , poor rogue , i think indeed she loves me .
now he denies it faintly , and laughs it out .
do you hear , cassio ?
now he importunes him to tell it o'er .
go to , well said , well said .
she gives it out that you shall marry her .
ha , ha , ha !
prithee bear some charity to my wit .
do not think it so unwholesome .
ha , ha , ha !
so , so , so , so !
now he begins the story .
she was here even now .
she haunts me in every place .
ha , ha , ha !
now he tells how she plucked him to my chamber .
look , where she comes .
what did you mean by that same handkerchief you gave me even now ?
i was a fine fool to take it .
i must take out the work ?
this is some minx ’ s token , and i must take out the work ?
how now , my sweet bianca !
how now , how now ?
by heaven , that should be my handkerchief !
if you ’ ll come to supper tonight , you may .
if you will not , come when you are next prepared for .
after her , after her .
i must , she ’ ll rail in the street else .
yes , i intend so .
did you perceive how he laughed at his vice ?
and did you see the handkerchief ?
and to see how he prizes the foolish woman your wife !
she gave it him , and he hath given it his whore .
i would have him nine years a-killing .
nay , you must forget that .
ay , let her rot and perish and be damned tonight , for she shall not live .
nay , that ’ s not your way .
so delicate with her needle , an admirable musician .
oh , she will sing the savageness out of a bear !
of so high and plenteous wit and invention !
she ’ s the worse for all this .
oh , a thousand thousand times—and then of so gentle a condition !
nay , that ’ s certain .
o iago , the pity of it , iago !
i will chop her into messes !
oh , ’ tis foul in her .
get me some poison , iago , this night .
do it not with poison .
strangle her in her bed , even the bed she hath contaminated .
good , good , the justice of it pleases !
and for cassio , let me be his undertaker .
you shall hear more by midnight .
those are the raisèd father and his friends .
you were best go in .
not i , i must be found .
my parts , my title , and my perfect soul shall manifest me rightly .
by janus , i think no .
the servants of the duke and my lieutenant ?
the goodness of the night upon you , friends !
the duke does greet you , general , and he requires your haste-post-haste appearance , even on the instant .
what ’ s the matter , think you ?
something from cyprus as i may divine .
it is a business of some heat .
you have been hotly called for .
tis well i am found by you .
i will but spend a word here in the house and go with you .
what trumpet is that same ?
i warrant something from venice .
see , your wife ’ s with him .
save you , worthy general !
the duke and senators of venice greet you .
and what ’ s the news , good cousin lodovico ?
i am very glad to see you , signior .
are you sure of that ?
he did not call , he ’ s busy in the paper .
is there division ’ twixt my lord and cassio ?
i would do much t ' atone them , for the love i bear to cassio .
what , is he angry ?
trust me , i am glad on ’ t .
i am glad to see you mad .
why , sweet othello— i have not deserved this .
my lord , this would not be believed in venice , though i should swear i saw ’ t .
make her amends , she weeps .
oh , devil , devil !
i will not stay to offend you .
truly , an obedient lady .
i do beseech your lordship , call her back .
what would you with her , sir ?
who , i , my lord ?
ay , you did wish that i would make her turn .
sir , she can turn , and turn , and yet go on , and turn again .
and she can weep , sir , weep .
cassio shall have my place .
and , sir , tonight i do entreat that we may sup together .
you are welcome , sir , to cyprus .
is this the noble moor whom our full senate call all in all sufficient ?
is he not light of brain ?
he ’ s that he is .
i may not breathe my censure what he might be .
if what he might he is not , i would to heaven he were !
faith , that was not so well .
yet would i knew that stroke would prove the worst !
or did the letters work upon his blood and new-create his fault ?
it is not honesty in me to speak what i have seen and known .
do but go after and mark how he continues .
i am sorry that i am deceived in him .
you have seen nothing then ?
nor ever heard , nor ever did suspect .
yes , you have seen cassio and she together .
but then i saw no harm , and then i heard each syllable that breath made up between them .
what , did they never whisper ?
nor send you out o ' th ' way ?
to fetch her fan , her gloves , her mask , nor nothing ?
i durst , my lord , to wager she is honest , lay down my soul at stake .
she says enough , yet she ’ s a simple bawd that can not say as much .
and yet she ’ ll kneel and pray , i have seen her do ’ t .
my lord , what is your will ?
pray , chuck , come hither .
let me see your eyes .
what horrible fancy ’ s this ?
i understand a fury in your words , but not the words .
therefore be double damned , swear thou art honest !
heaven doth truly know it .
heaven truly knows that thou art false as hell .
to whom , my lord ?
ah , desdemona , away , away , away !
am i the motive of these tears , my lord ?
if you have lost him , why , i have lost him too .
yet could i bear that too , well , very well .
or keep it as a cistern for foul toads to knot and gender in !
i hope my noble lord esteems me honest .
oh , ay , as summer flies are in the shambles , that quicken even with blowing .
alas , what ignorant sin have i committed ?
was this fair paper , this most goodly book , made to write “ whore ” upon ?
by heaven , you do me wrong !
are you not a strumpet ?
no , as i am a christian .
what , not a whore ?
no , as i shall be saved .
oh , heaven forgive us !
you , you , ay , you !
we have done our course .
there ’ s money for your pains .
i pray you , turn the key and keep our counsel .
alas , what does this gentleman conceive ?
how do you , madam ?
ancient , what makes he here ?
faith , he tonight hath boarded a land carrack .
if it prove lawful prize , he ’ s made for ever .
here comes another troop to seek for you .
general , be advised , he comes to bad intent .
signior , it is the moor .
down with him , thief !
do not talk to me , emilia .
here ’ s a change indeed !
tis meet i should be used so , very meet .
how have i been behaved that he might stick the small ’ st opinion on my least misuse ?
what is your pleasure , madam ?
how is ’ t with you ?
those that do teach young babes do it with gentle means and easy tasks .
he might have chid me so , for , in good faith , i am a child to chiding .
what is the matter , lady ?
am i that name , iago ?
what name , fair lady ?
such as she says my lord did say i was .
i am sure i am none such .
do not weep , do not weep .
would it not make one weep ?
it is my wretched fortune .
beshrew him for ’ t !
how comes this trick upon him ?
nay , heaven doth know .
i will be hanged else !
fie , there is no such man .
if any such there be , heaven pardon him !
why should he call her “ whore ” ?
the moor ’ s abused by some most villainous knave , some base notorious knave , some scurvy fellow .
oh , fie upon them !
alas iago , what shall i do to win my lord again ?
good friend , go to him .
for , by this light of heaven , i know not how i lost him .
and ever will—though he do shake me off to beggarly divorcement—love him dearly , comfort forswear me !
unkindness may do much , and his unkindness may defeat my life , but never taint my love .
i can not say “ whore , ” it does abhor me now i speak the word .
the business of the state does him offence , and he does chide with you .
if ’ twere no other— 't is but so , i warrant .
hark , how these instruments summon to supper .
the messengers of venice stays the meat .
go in , and weep not .
all things shall be well .
i do not find that thou deal ’ st justly with me .
will you hear me , roderigo ?
i have heard too much , and your words and performances are no kin together .
you charge me most unjustly .
the jewels you have had from me to deliver desdemona would half have corrupted a votaress .
very well , ” “ go to ” !
i can not go to , man , nor ’ tis not very well .
nay , i think it is scurvy , and begin to find myself fopped in it .
i tell you ’ tis not very well .
i will make myself known to desdemona .
if she will return me my jewels i will give over my suit and repent my unlawful solicitation .
if not , assure yourself i will seek satisfaction of you .
ay , and said nothing but what i protest intendment of doing .
give me thy hand , roderigo .
i grant indeed it hath not appeared , and your suspicion is not without wit and judgment .
well , what is it ?
is it within reason and compass ?
sir , there is especial commission come from venice to depute cassio in othello ’ s place .
why , then othello and desdemona return again to venice .
how do you mean , removing of him ?
why , by making him uncapable of othello ’ s place : knocking out his brains .
and that you would have me to do !
ay , if you dare do yourself a profit and a right .
he sups tonight with a harlotry , and thither will i go to him .
he knows not yet of his honorable fortune .
i will be near to second your attempt , and he shall fall between us .
it is now high suppertime , and the night grows to waste .
i will hear further reason for this .
and you shall be satisfied .
i do beseech you , sir , trouble yourself no further .
i humbly thank your ladyship .
your honor is most welcome .
will you walk , sir ? —o desdemona— my lord ?
get you to bed on th ' instant , i will be returned forthwith .
dismiss your attendant there , look ’ t be done .
i will , my lord .
he looks gentler than he did .
therefore , good emilia , give me my nightly wearing , and adieu .
we must not now displease him .
would you had never seen him !
i have laid those sheets you bade me on the bed .
good father , how foolish are our minds !
if i do die before thee , prithee , shroud me in one of these same sheets .
that song tonight will not go from my mind .
shall i go fetch your nightgown ?
no , unpin me here .
this lodovico is a proper man .
i know a lady in venice would have walked barefoot to palestine for a touch of his nether lip .
it ’ s the wind .
mine eyes do itch , doth that bode weeping ?
tis neither here nor there .
i have heard it said so .
oh , these men , these men !
there be some such , no question .
come , sir , i am for you .
good signior , you shall more command with years than with your weapons .
o thou foul thief , where hast thou stowed my daughter ?
damned as thou art , thou hast enchanted her !
if he do resist , subdue him at his peril !
whither will you that i go to answer this your charge ?
wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?
why , would not you ?
no , by this heavenly light !
nor i neither , by this heavenly light .
i might do ’ t as well i ' th ' dark .
wouldst thou do such a deed for all the world ?
the world ’ s a huge thing .
it is a great price for a small vice .
in troth , i think thou wouldst not .
in troth , i think i should , and undo ’ t when i had done .
but for the whole world ?
why , who would not make her husband a cuckold to make him a monarch ?
i should venture purgatory for ’ t .
beshrew me , if i would do such a wrong for the whole world .
i do not think there is any such woman .
but i do think it is their husbands ' faults if wives do fall .
say that they slack their duties
why , we have galls , and though we have some grace , yet have we some revenge .
let husbands know their wives have sense like them .
they see and smell and have their palates both for sweet and sour , as husbands have .
and doth affection breed it ?
is ’ t frailty that thus errs ?
and have not we affections , desires for sport , and frailty , as men have ?
good night , good night .
heaven me such uses send , not to pick bad from bad , but by bad mend !
here , stand behind this bulk , straight will he come .
i ’ ll be at thy elbow .
it makes us , or it mars us .
here , at thy hand .
be bold , and take thy stand .
i have no great devotion to the deed and yet he hath given me satisfying reasons .
tis but a man gone .
i know his gait , ’ tis he.—villain , thou diest !
oh , i am slain !
i am maimed for ever .
oh , villain that i am !
oh , help , ho !
minion , your dear lies dead , and your unblest fate hies .
for , of my heart , those charms , thine eyes , are blotted .
thy bed , lust-stained , shall with lust ’ s blood be spotted .
tis some mischance , the cry is very direful .
tis heavy night , these may be counterfeits .
let ’ s think ’ t unsafe to come in to the cry without more help .
then shall i bleed to death .
here ’ s one comes in his shirt , with light and weapons .
whose noise is this that ones on murder ?
do not you hear a cry ?
for heaven ’ s sake , help me !
the same indeed , a very valiant fellow .
oh , i am spoiled , undone by villains !
oh , me , lieutenant !
what villains have done this ?
i think that one of them is hereabout , and can not make away .
that ’ s one of them .
kill men i ' th ' dark !
where be these bloody thieves ?
are you of good or evil ?
as you shall prove us , praise us .
here ’ s cassio hurt by villains .
how is ’ t , brother !
my leg is cut in two .
light , gentlemen , i ’ ll bind it with my shirt .
what is the matter , ho ?
who is ’ t that cried ?
who is ’ t that cried ?
oh , my dear cassio !
o cassio , cassio , cassio !
cassio , may you suspect who they should be that have thus mangled you ?
i am sorry to find you thus .
i have been to seek you .
o cassio , cassio , cassio !
know we this face or no ?
i am glad to see you .
how do you , cassio ? —oh , a chair , a chair !
he , he , ’ tis he .
oh , that ’ s well said—the chair !
some good man bear him carefully from hence .
what malice was between you ?
none in the world , nor do i know the man .
i pray you , look upon her .
do you see , gentlemen ?
nay , guiltiness will speak , though tongues were out of use .
alas , what is the matter ?
what is the matter , husband ?
cassio hath here been set on in the dark by roderigo and fellows that are ’ scaped .
he ’ s almost slain , and roderigo dead .
this is the fruits of whoring .
prithee , emilia , go know of cassio where he supped tonight.—
he supped at my house , but i therefore shake not .
oh , did he so ?
i charge you , go with me .
oh , fie upon thee , strumpet !
this is the night that either makes me or fordoes me quite .
tis true , most worthy signior .
the duke ’ s in council and your noble self , i am sure , is sent for .
in this time of the night ?
mine ’ s not an idle cause .
for if such actions may have passage free , bond-slaves and pagans shall our statesmen be .
let me not name it to you , you chaste stars , it is the cause .
yet she must die , else she ’ ll betray more men .
put out the light , and then put out the light .
when i have plucked thy rose i can not give it vital growth again , it must needs wither .
will you come to bed , my lord ?
alack , my lord , what do you mean by that ?
well , do it , and be brief .
i would not kill thy unpreparèd spirit .
no , heavens forfend , i would not kill thy soul !
then heaven have mercy on me !
amen , with all my heart .
if you say , i hope you will not kill me .
why i should fear i know not , since guiltiness i know not .
but yet i feel i fear .
they are loves i bear to you .
ay , and for that thou diest .
that death ’ s unnatural that kills for loving .
alas , why gnaw you so your nether lip ?
some bloody passion shakes your very frame .
these are portents , but yet i hope , i hope they do not point on me .
what ’ s the matter ?
that handkerchief which i so loved and gave thee , thou gav ’ st to cassio .
no , by my life and soul !
send for the man and ask him .
thou art on thy deathbed .
ay—but not yet to die !
oh , heaven have mercy on me !
i say “ amen . ”
and have you mercy too !
i never gave him token .
by heaven , i saw my handkerchief in ’ s hand .
that he hath usèd thee .
he will not say so .
no , his mouth is stopped .
honest iago hath ta'en order for ’ t .
what , is he dead ?
had all his hairs been lives my great revenge had stomach for them all .
alas , he is betrayed and i undone .
oh , banish me , my lord , but kill me not !
kill me tomorrow—let me live tonight !
nay , if you strive— but half an hour !
but while i say one prayer !
what noise is this ? —not dead ?
what ’ s the matter with thee now ?
but now , my lord .
cassio , my lord , hath killed a young venetian called roderigo .
no , cassio is not killed .
then murder ’ s out of tune , and sweet revenge grows harsh .
oh , falsely , falsely murdered !
alas , what cry is that ?
out and alas , that was my lady ’ s voice .
help , ho , help !
o lady , speak again !
o sweet mistress , speak !
a guiltless death i die .
oh , who hath done this deed ?
commend me to my kind lord .
why , how should she be murdered ?
you heard her say herself it was not i .
i must needs report the truth .
she ’ s like a liar gone to burning hell .
twas i that killed her .
oh , the more angel she , and you the blacker devil !
she turned to folly , and she was a whore .
thou dost belie her , and thou art a devil .
she was false as water .
oh , she was heavenly true !
cassio did top her , ask thy husband else .
thy husband knew it all .
that she was false to wedlock ?
ay , ’ twas he that told me on her first .
an honest man he is , and hates the slime that sticks on filthy deeds .
what needs this iterance , woman ?
o mistress , villainy hath made mocks with love !
my husband say that she was false !
i say “ thy husband ” —dost understand the word ?
my friend , thy husband , honest , honest iago .
if he say so , may his pernicious soul rot half a grain a day !
he lies to th ' heart .
she was too fond of her most filthy bargain .
this deed of thine is no more worthy heaven than thou wast worthy her .
peace , you were best .
thou hast done a deed— i care not for thy sword , i ’ ll make thee known
the moor hath killed my mistress !
oh , are you come , iago ?
you have done well , that men must lay their murders on your neck .
but did you ever tell him she was false ?
you told a lie , an odious , damnèd lie .
upon my soul , a lie , a wicked lie .
did you say with cassio ?
go to , charm your tongue .
my mistress here lies murdered in her bed— oh , heavens forfend !
there ’ s no composition in this news that gives them credit .
indeed , they are disproportioned .
my letters say a hundred and seven galleys .
and mine a hundred and forty .
and mine , two hundred .
nay , it is possible enough to judgment .
a messenger from the galleys .
and your reports have set the murder on .
i thought so then , i ’ ll kill myself for grief .
oh , villainy , villainy !
what , are you mad ?
i charge you , get you home .
good gentlemen , let me have leave to speak .
tis proper i obey him , but not now .
perchance , iago , i will ne'er go home .
oh , she was foul ! — i scarce did know you , uncle .
zounds , hold your peace .
be wise , and get you home .
your sword upon a woman ?
that handkerchief thou speak ’ st of i found by fortune and did give my husband .
no , alas , i found it and i did give ’ t my husband .
by heaven , i do not , i do not , gentlemen.— o murderous coxcomb !
are there no stones in heaven but what serve for the thunder ? —precious villain !
sure he hath killed his wife .
oh , lay me by my mistress ' side .
he ’ s gone , but his wife ’ s killed .
let him not pass , but kill him rather .
but why should honor outlive honesty ?
what did thy song bode , lady ?
hark , canst thou hear me ?
i will play the swan .
oh , here it is .
uncle , i must come forth .
behold , i have a weapon .
but , oh , vain boast !
who can control his fate ?
be not afraid , though you do see me weaponed .
do you go back dismayed ?
where should othello go ? — now , how dost thou look now ?
o ill-starred wench , pale as thy smock !
cold , cold , my girl , even like thy chastity .
o cursed , cursed slave !
whip me , ye devils , from the possession of this heavenly sight !
where is this rash and most unfortunate man ?
that ’ s he that was othello .
sblood , but you ’ ll not hear me !
thou told ’ st me thou didst hold him in thy hate .
despise me if i do not .
i look down towards his feet , but that ’ s a fable .
if that thou be ’ st a devil , i can not kill thee .
wrench his sword from him .
i bleed , sir , but not killed .
i am not sorry neither .
i ’ d have thee live , for in my sense ’ tis happiness to die .
this wretch hath part confessed his villainy .
did you and he consent in cassio ’ s death ?
dear general , i never gave you cause .
i do believe it , and i ask your pardon .
will you , i pray , demand that demi-devil why he hath thus ensnared my soul and body ?
what you know , you know .
from this time forth i never will speak word .
what , not to pray ?
well , thou dost best .
the one of them imports the death of cassio to be undertook by roderigo .
most heathenish and most gross !
how came you , cassio , by that handkerchief that was my wife ’ s ?
your power and your command is taken off and cassio rules in cyprus .
nothing extenuate , nor set down aught in malice .
then must you speak of one that loved not wisely , but too well .
of one not easily jealous , but being wrought , perplexed in the extreme .
of one whose hand , like the base indian , threw a pearl away richer than all his tribe .
all that is spoke is marred .
this did i fear , but thought he had no weapon , for he was great of heart .
how say you by this change ?
this can not be , by no assay of reason .
tis a pageant , to keep us in false gaze .
ay , so i thought .
how many , as you guess ?
and now they do re-stem their backward course , bearing with frank appearance their purposes toward cyprus .
tis certain then for cyprus .
marcus luccicos , is not he in town ?
he ’ s now in florence .
write from us to him .
here comes brabantio and the valiant moor .
good your grace , pardon me .
why , what ’ s the matter ?
humbly i thank your grace .
we are very sorry for ’ t .
nothing , but this is so .
the very head and front of my offending hath this extent , no more .
a maiden never bold , of spirit so still and quiet that her motion blushed at herself .
but , othello , speak .
or came it by request and such fair question as soul to soul affordeth ?
and let her speak of me before her father .
you best know the place .
these things to hear would desdemona seriously incline .
she wished she had not heard it , yet she wished that heaven had made her such a man .
upon this hint i spake .
she loved me for the dangers i had passed , and i loved her that she did pity them .
this only is the witchcraft i have used .
i think this tale would win my daughter too .
i pray you , hear her speak .
do you perceive in all this noble company where most you owe obedience ?
my noble father , i do perceive here a divided duty .
to you i am bound for life and education .
you are the lord of duty .
i am hitherto your daughter .
please it your grace , on to the state affairs .
i had rather to adopt a child than get it.— come hither , moor .
for thy escape would teach me tyranny , to hang clogs on them.—i have done , my lord .
i humbly beseech you , proceed to th ' affairs of state .
the turk with a most mighty preparation makes for cyprus .
why , at her father ’ s .
i ’ ll not have it so .
what would you , desdemona ?
let me go with him .
let her have your voice .
be it as you shall privately determine , either for her stay or going .
th ' affair cries haste and speed must answer it .
at nine i ' th ' morning here we ’ ll meet again .
wherein the toged consuls can propose as masterly as he .
mere prattle without practice is all his soldiership .
why , there ’ s no remedy .
tis the curse of service .
now sir , be judge yourself , whether i in any just term am affined to love the moor .
i would not follow him then .
o sir , content you .
i follow him to serve my turn upon him .
we can not all be masters , nor all masters can not be truly followed .
whip me such honest knaves .
these fellows have some soul ,
look to her , moor , if thou hast eyes to see .
she has deceived her father , and may thee .
my life upon her faith ! —honest iago , my desdemona must i leave to thee .
i prithee , let thy wife attend on her , and bring them after in the best advantage .
we must obey the time .
what say ’ st thou , noble heart ?
what will i do , think ’ st thou ?
why , go to bed , and sleep .
i will incontinently drown myself .
if thou dost i shall never love thee after .
why , thou silly gentleman !
tis in ourselves that we are thus or thus .
our bodies are our gardens , to the which our wills are gardeners .
but we have reason to cool our raging motions , our carnal stings , our unbitted lusts .
it is merely a lust of the blood and a permission of the will .
come , be a man .
drown cats and blind puppies !
i could never better stead thee than now .
put money in thy purse .
these moors are changeable in their wills—fill thy purse with money .
she must change for youth .
therefore , put money in thy purse .
if thou wilt needs damn thyself , do it a more delicate way than drowning .
make all the money thou canst .
a pox of drowning thyself !
tis clean out of the way .
thou art sure of me .
i have told thee often , and i re-tell thee again and again , i hate the moor .
let us be conjunctive in our revenge against him .
traverse , go , provide thy money .
we will have more of this tomorrow .
where shall we meet i ' th ' morning ?
i ’ ll be with thee betimes .
no more of drowning , do you hear ?
put money enough in your purse .
i ’ ll sell all my land .
thus do i ever make my fool my purse .
cassio ’ s a proper man .
to get his place and to plume up my will in double knavery .
what from the cape can you discern at sea ?
it is a high-wrought flood .
methinks the wind hath spoke aloud at land , a fuller blast ne'er shook our battlements .
what shall we hear of this ?
a segregation of the turkish fleet .
i never did like molestation view on the enchafèd flood .
if that the turkish fleet be not ensheltered and embayed , they are drowned .
it is impossible they bear it out .
news , lads , our wars are done !
the desperate tempest hath so banged the turks , that their designment halts .
a noble ship of venice hath seen a grievous wreck and sufferance on most part of their fleet .
michael cassio , lieutenant to the warlike moor othello , is come on shore .
the moor himself at sea and is in full commission here for cyprus .
i am glad on ’ t .
for they were parted with foul and violent tempest .
pray heavens he be , for i have served him , and the man commands like a full soldier .
come , let ’ s do so .
for every minute is expectancy of more arrivance .
thanks , you the valiant of this warlike isle that so approve the moor .
i pray you sir , go forth and give us truth who ’ tis that is arrived .
but good lieutenant , is your general wived ?
tis one iago , ancient to the general .
oh , behold , the riches of the ship is come on shore !
you men of cyprus , let her have your knees .
i thank you , valiant cassio .
what tidings can you tell me of my lord ?
he is not yet arrived .
nor know i aught but that he ’ s well and will be shortly here .
oh , but i fear .
the great contention of the sea and skies parted our fellowship— but , hark !
i am not what i am .
what , ho , brabantio !
look to your house , your daughter , and your bags !
i find it still , when i have leave to sleep .
you have little cause to say so .
come on , come on .
oh , fie upon thee , slanderer !
nay , it is true , or else i am a turk .
you rise to play and go to bed to work .
no , let me not .
what wouldst thou write of me , if thou should ’ st praise me ?
i am not merry , but i do beguile the thing i am by seeming otherwise .
come , how wouldst thou praise me ?
how if fair and foolish ?
thou praisest the worst best .
to suckle fools and chronicle small beer .
oh , most lame and impotent conclusion !
do not learn of him , emilia , though he be thy husband .
how say you , cassio ?
is he not a most profane and liberal counselor ?
he speaks home , madam .
you may relish him more in the soldier than in the scholar .
let ’ s meet him and receive him .
lo , where he comes !
it gives me wonder great as my content to see you here before me .
oh , my soul ’ s joy !
the heavens forbid but that our loves and comforts should increase , even as our days do grow .
amen to that , sweet powers !
i can not speak enough of this content .
it stops me here , it is too much of joy .
come , let us to the castle .
our wars are done , the turks are drowned .
bring thou the master to the citadel .
do thou meet me presently at the harbor.—come hither .
the lieutenant tonight watches on the court of guard .
first , i must tell thee this : desdemona is directly in love with him .
why , ’ tis not possible .
lay thy finger thus , and let thy soul be instructed .
all which the moor is defective in .
i can not believe that in her .
she ’ s full of most blessed condition .
the wine she drinks is made of grapes .
if she had been blessed , she would never have loved the moor .
they met so near with their lips that their breaths embraced together .
but , sir , be you ruled by me .
i have brought you from venice .
watch you tonight for the command , i ’ ll lay ’ t upon you .
i ’ ll not be far from you .
sir , he ’ s rash and very sudden in choler , and haply may strike at you .
provoke him that he may .
i will do this , if you can bring it to any opportunity .
meet me by and by at the citadel .
i must fetch his necessaries ashore .
for besides these beneficial news , it is the celebration of his nuptial .
so much was his pleasure should be proclaimed .
bless the isle of cyprus and our noble general othello !
we must to the watch .
our general cast us thus early for the love of his desdemona—who let us not therefore blame .
what is the reason of this terrible summons ?
what is the matter there ?
signior , is all your family within ?
why , wherefore ask you this ?
zounds , sir , you ’ re robbed !
for shame , put on your gown .
your heart is burst , you have lost half your soul .
even now , now , very now , an old black ram is tupping your white ewe .
what , have you lost your wits ?
most reverend signior , do you know my voice ?
i have charged thee not to haunt about my doors .
in honest plainness thou hast heard me say my daughter is not for thee .
indeed she ’ s a most fresh and delicate creature .
what an eye she has !
an inviting eye , and yet methinks right modest .
and when she speaks , is it not an alarum to love ?
well , happiness to their sheets !
not tonight , good iago .
i have very poor and unhappy brains for drinking .
i could well wish courtesy would invent some other custom of entertainment .
oh , they are our friends .
i ’ ll drink for you .
what , man , ’ tis a night of revels !
i pray you call them in .
i ’ ll do ’ t , but it dislikes me .
if consequence do but approve my dream my boat sails freely , both with wind and stream .
fore heaven , they have given me a rouse already .
good faith , a little one , not past a pint , as i am a soldier .
fore heaven , an excellent song .
i learned it in england where indeed they are most potent in potting .
your dane , your german , and your swag-bellied hollander—drink , ho ! —are nothing to your english .
is your englishman so expert in his drinking ?
why , he drinks you with facility your dane dead drunk ; he sweats not to overthrow your almain .
to the health of our general !
i am for it , lieutenant , and i ’ ll do you justice .
why , this is a more exquisite song than the other .
will you hear ’ t again ?
no , for i hold him to be unworthy of his place that does those things .
it ’ s true , good lieutenant .
and so do i too , lieutenant .
ay , but ( by your leave ) not before me .
the lieutenant is to be saved before the ancient .
do not think , gentlemen , i am drunk .
i am not drunk now .
i can stand well enough , and i speak well enough .
why , very well then .
you must not think then that i am drunk .
but is he often thus ?
tis evermore the prologue to his sleep .
he ’ ll watch the horologe a double set if drink rock not his cradle .
it were well the general were put in mind of it .
it were an honest action to say so to the moor .
now have i done a good day ’ s work .
you peers , continue this united league .
and with my hand i seal my true heart ’ s love .
and i as i love hastings with my heart .
you have been factious one against the other.— wife , love lord hastings .
dorset , embrace him.—hastings , love lord marquess .
this interchange of love , i here protest , upon my part shall be inviolable .
a pleasing cordial , princely buckingham , is this thy vow unto my sickly heart .
and in good time , here comes sir richard ratcliffe and the duke .
good morrow to my sovereign king and queen , and , princely peers , a happy time of day .
happy indeed , as we have spent the day .
a blessèd labor , my most sovereign lord .
a holy day shall this be kept hereafter .
i would to god all strifes were well compounded .
my sovereign lord , i do beseech your highness to take our brother clarence to your grace .
why , madam , have i offered love for this , to be so flouted in this royal presence ?
who knows not that the gentle duke is dead ?
who knows not he is dead !
all-seeing heaven , what a world is this !
look i so pale , lord dorset , as the rest ?
but he , poor man , by your first order died , and that a wingèd mercury did bear .
some tardy cripple bear the countermand , that came too lag to see him burièd .
my soul is full of sorrow .
i will not rise unless your highness hear me .
then say at once what is it thou requests .
we know thy charge , brakenbury , and will obey .
we are the queen ’ s abjects and must obey.— brother , farewell .
i know it pleaseth neither of us well .
well , your imprisonment shall not be long .
i will deliver you or else lie for you .
go tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return .
good time of day unto my gracious lord .
as much unto my good lord chamberlain .
well are you welcome to the open air .
how hath your lordship brooked imprisonment ?
my brother killed no man ; his fault was thought , and yet his punishment was bitter death .
who sued to me for him ?
this is the fruits of rashness .
o , they did urge it still unto the king .
come , lords , will you go to comfort edward with our company ?
we wait upon your grace .
good grandam , tell us , is our father dead ?
my pretty cousins , you mistake me both .
then , you conclude , my grandam , he is dead .
the king mine uncle is to blame for it .
god will revenge it , whom i will importune with earnest prayers , all to that effect .
peace , children , peace .
the king doth love you well .
incapable and shallow innocents , you can not guess who caused your father ’ s death .
think you my uncle did dissemble , grandam ?
i can not think it .
hark , what noise is this ?
i ’ ll join with black despair against my soul and to myself become an enemy .
why grow the branches when the root is gone ?
why wither not the leaves that want their sap ?
if you will live , lament .
ah , for my husband , for my dear lord edward !
ah , for our father , for our dear lord clarence !
alas for both , both mine , edward and clarence !
what stay had i but edward ?
and he ’ s gone .
what stay had we but clarence ?
and he ’ s gone .
was never widow had so dear a loss .
were never orphans had so dear a loss .
was never mother had so dear a loss .
alas , i am the mother of these griefs .
madam , bethink you , like a careful mother , of the young prince your son .
in him your comfort lives .
humbly on my knee i crave your blessing .
though we have spent our harvest of this king , we are to reap the harvest of his son .
why “ with some little train , ” my lord of buckingham ?
and so in me , and so , i think , in all .
therefore i say with noble buckingham that it is meet so few should fetch the prince .
good morrow , neighbor , whither away so fast ?
i promise you i scarcely know myself .
hear you the news abroad ?
yes , that the king is dead .
give you good morrow , sir .
doth this news hold of good king edward ’ s death ?
ay , sir , it is too true , god help the while .
then , masters , look to see a troublous world .
no , no , by god ’ s good grace , his son shall reign .
woe to the land that ’ s governed by a child .
with patience , noble lord , as prisoners must .
more pity that the eagle should be mewed while kites and buzzards prey at liberty .
tis very grievous to be thought upon .
where is he , in his bed ?
go you before , and i will follow you .
so stood the state when henry the sixth was crowned in paris but at nine months old .
come , come , we fear the worst .
untimely storms make men expect a dearth .
before the days of change , still is it so .
but leave it all to god .
marry , we were sent for to the justices .
tomorrow or next day they will be here .
i long with all my heart to see the prince .
i hope he is much grown since last i saw him .
ay , mother , but i would not have it so .
why , my young cousin ?
it is good to grow .
and so no doubt he is , my gracious madam .
i hope he is , but yet let mothers doubt .
how , my pretty york ?
i prithee let me hear it .
marry , they say my uncle grew so fast that he could gnaw a crust at two hours old .
twas full two years ere i could get a tooth .
grandam , this would have been a biting jest .
i prithee , pretty york , who told thee this ?
why , she was dead ere thou wast born .
if ’ twere not she , i can not tell who told me .
go to , you are too shrewd .
good madam , be not angry with the child .
such news , my lord , as grieves me to report .
well , madam , and in health .
what is thy news then ?
the mighty dukes , gloucester and buckingham .
the sum of all i can , i have disclosed .
why , or for what , the nobles were committed is all unknown to me , my gracious lord .
i see the ruin of my house .
welcome , destruction , blood , and massacre .
the weary way hath made you melancholy .
no , uncle , but our crosses on the way have made it tedious , wearisome , and heavy .
i want more uncles here to welcome me .
those uncles which you want were dangerous .
your grace attended to their sugared words but looked not on the poison of their hearts .
god keep you from them , and from such false friends .
god keep me from false friends , but they were none .
my lord , the mayor of london comes to greet you .
god bless your grace with health and happy days .
and in good time here comes the sweating lord .
what , will our mother come ?
not for all this land would i be guilty of so deep a sin .
weigh it but with the grossness of this age , you break not sanctuary in seizing him .
oft have i heard of sanctuary men , but sanctuary children , ne'er till now .
i go , my lord .
good lords , make all the speedy haste you may .
say , uncle gloucester , if our brother come , where shall we sojourn till our coronation ?
where it seems best unto your royal self .
i do not like the tower , of any place.— did julius caesar build that place , my lord ?
he did , my gracious lord , begin that place , which , since , succeeding ages have re-edified .
is it upon record , or else reported successively from age to age , he built it ?
upon record , my gracious lord .
what say you , uncle ?
death makes no conquest of this conqueror , for now he lives in fame , though not in life .
for then i ’ ll marry warwick ’ s youngest daughter .
what though i killed her husband and her father ?
but yet i run before my horse to market .
clarence still breathes ; edward still lives and reigns .
when they are gone , then must i count my gains .
what , my gracious lord ?
richard of york , how fares our loving brother ?
well , my dread lord—so must i call you now .
how fares our cousin , noble lord of york ?
i thank you , gentle uncle .
o , my lord , you said that idle weeds are fast in growth .
the prince my brother hath outgrown me far .
he hath , my lord .
and therefore is he idle ?
o , my fair cousin , i must not say so .
then is he more beholding to you than i .
he may command me as my sovereign , but you have power in me as in a kinsman .
i pray you , uncle , give me this dagger .
my dagger , little cousin ?
a greater gift than that i ’ ll give my cousin .
o , that ’ s the sword to it .
ay , gentle cousin , were it light enough .
o , then i see you will part but with light gifts .
in weightier things you ’ ll say a beggar nay .
it is too heavy for your grace to wear .
i weigh it lightly , were it heavier .
uncle , your grace knows how to bear with him .
i shall not sleep in quiet at the tower .
why , what should you fear ?
marry , my uncle clarence ' angry ghost .
my grandam told me he was murdered there .
i fear no uncles dead .
nor none that live , i hope .
an if they live , i hope i need not fear .
no doubt , no doubt .
o , ’ tis a parlous boy , bold , quick , ingenious , forward , capable .
he is all the mother ’ s , from the top to toe .
well , let them rest.—come hither , catesby .
what think ’ st thou then of stanley ?
he will do all in all as hastings doth .
if thou dost find him tractable to us , encourage him and show him all our reasons .
commend me to lord william .
my good lords both , with all the heed i can .
shall we hear from you , catesby , ere we sleep ?
you shall , my lord .
at crosby place , there shall you find us both .
i ’ ll claim that promise at your grace ’ s hands .
and look to have it yielded with all kindness .
come , let us sup betimes , that afterwards we may digest our complots in some form .
one from the lord stanley .
upon the stroke of four .
can not my lord stanley sleep these tedious nights ?
so it appears by that i have to say .
first , he commends him to your noble self .
tell him his fears are shallow , without instance .
and for his dreams , i wonder he ’ s so simple to trust the mock'ry of unquiet slumbers .
many good morrows to my noble lord .
what news , what news in this our tott'ring state ?
how “ wear the garland ” ?
dost thou mean the crown ?
ay , my good lord .
but canst thou guess that he doth aim at it ?
indeed , i am no mourner for that news , because they have been still my adversaries .
god keep your lordship in that gracious mind .
the princes both make high account of you— i know they do , and i have well deserved it .
fear you the boar , and go so unprovided ?
my lord , good morrow .
think you but that i know our state secure , i would be so triumphant as i am ?
pray god , i say , i prove a needless coward !
what , shall we toward the tower ?
wot you what , my lord ?
today the lords you talked of are beheaded .
but come , my lord , let ’ s away .
i ’ ll talk with this good fellow .
how goes the world with thee ?
the better that your lordship please to ask .
god hold it , to your honor ’ s good content !
there , drink that for me .
well met , my lord .
i am glad to see your honor .
i thank thee , good sir john , with all my heart .
i am in your debt for your last exercise .
come the next sabbath , and i will content you .
your friends at pomfret , they do need the priest ; your honor hath no shriving work in hand .
what , go you toward the tower ?
i shall return before your lordship thence .
nay , like enough , for i stay dinner there .
i ’ ll wait upon your lordship .
the limit of your lives is out .
o thou bloody prison , fatal and ominous to noble peers !
o , remember , god , to hear her prayer for them , as now for us !
the hour of death is expiate .
in god ’ s name , speak .
when is the royal day ?
is all things ready for the royal time ?
it is , and wants but nomination .
tomorrow , then , i judge a happy day .
who knows the lord protector ’ s mind herein ?
who is most inward with the noble duke ?
your grace , we think , should soonest know his mind .
i know he loves me well .
in happy time here comes the duke himself .
my noble lords and cousins all , good morrow .
than my lord hastings no man might be bolder .
cousin of buckingham , a word with you .
i ’ ll go with you .
we have not yet set down this day of triumph .
where is my lord the duke of gloucester ?
i have sent for these strawberries .
his grace looks cheerfully and smooth this morning .
there ’ s some conceit or other likes him well when that he bids good morrow with such spirit .
i pray god he be not , i say .
then be your eyes the witness of their evil .
if they have done this deed , my noble lord— if ?
thou protector of this damnèd strumpet , talk ’ st thou to me of “ ifs ” ?
thou art a traitor— off with his head .
woe , woe for england !
stanley did dream the boar did raze his helm , and i did scorn it and disdain to fly .
o , now i need the priest that spake to me !
o margaret , margaret , now thy heavy curse is lighted on poor hastings ' wretched head .
he longs to see your head .
o momentary grace of mortal men , which we more hunt for than the grace of god !
come , come , dispatch .
they smile at me that shortly shall be dead .
but what , is catesby gone ?
catesby , o'erlook the walls .
what black magician conjures up this fiend to stop devoted charitable deeds ?
lord mayor , the reason we have sent— look back !
god and our innocence defend and guard us !
they are friends , ratcliffe and lovell .
here is the head of that ignoble traitor , the dangerous and unsuspected hastings .
so dear i loved the man that i must weep .
what , think you we are turks or infidels ?
i never looked for better at his hands after he once fell in with mistress shore .
and to that end we wished your lordship here t ' avoid the censures of the carping world .
and so , my lord , adieu .
i go ; and towards three or four o'clock look for the news that the guildhall affords .
go , lovell , with all speed to doctor shaw .
here ’ s a good world the while .
who is so gross that can not see this palpable device ?
now , by the holy mother of our lord , the citizens are mum , say not a word .
touched you the bastardy of edward ’ s children ?
his answer was , the people were not used to be spoke to but by the recorder .
will not the mayor then and his brethren come ?
the mayor is here at hand .
and be not easily won to our requests .
go , go , up to the leads .
i think the duke will not be spoke withal .
now , catesby , what says your lord to my request ?
he doth entreat your grace , my noble lord , to visit him tomorrow or next day .
return , good catesby , to the gracious duke .
i ’ ll signify so much unto him straight .
ah , ha , my lord , this prince is not an edward !
happy were england would this virtuous prince take on his grave the sovereignty thereof .
but sure i fear we shall not win him to it .
marry , god defend his grace should say us nay !
now , catesby , what says his grace ?
he fears , my lord , you mean no good to him .
sorry i am my noble cousin should suspect me that i mean no good to him .
see where his grace stands , ’ tween two clergymen .
my lord , there needs no such apology .
you have , my lord .
sweet saint , for charity , be not so curst .
if thou delight to view thy heinous deeds , behold this pattern of thy butcheries .
o earth , which this blood drink ’ st revenge his death !
refuse not , mighty lord , this proffered love .
o , make them joyful .
alas , why would you heap this care on me ?
i am unfit for state and majesty .
zounds , i ’ ll entreat no more .
o , do not swear , my lord of buckingham !
if you deny them , all the land will rue it .
will you enforce me to a world of cares ?
we see it and will say it .
in saying so , you shall but say the truth .
then i salute you with this royal title : long live richard , england ’ s worthy king !
tomorrow will it please you to be crowned ?
even when you please , since you will have it so .
my niece plantagenet led in the hand of her kind aunt of gloucester ?
we ’ ll enter all together .
right well , dear madam .
by your patience , i may not suffer you to visit them .
the king hath strictly charged the contrary .
i mean , the lord protector .
the lord protect him from that kingly title !
hath he set bounds between their love and me ?
who shall bar me from them ?
i am their father ’ s mother .
their aunt i am in law , in love their mother .
then bring me to their sights .
i ’ ll bear thy blame and take thy office from thee , on my peril .
no , madam , no .
i may not leave it so .
i am bound by oath , and therefore pardon me .
thy mother ’ s name is ominous to children .
you shall have letters from me to my son in your behalf , to meet you on the way .
be not ta'en tardy by unwise delay .
o ill-dispersing wind of misery !
and i in all unwillingness will go .
to feed my humor , wish thyself no harm .
no more than from my soul i mourn for yours .
farewell , thou woeful welcomer of glory .
rude ragged nurse , old sullen playfellow for tender princes , use my babies well .
so foolish sorrows bids your stones farewell .
lady , you know no rules of charity , which renders good for bad , blessings for curses .
villain , thou know ’ st not law of god nor man .
no beast so fierce but knows some touch of pity .
but i know none , and therefore am no beast .
more wonderful , when angels are so angry .
fairer than tongue can name thee , let me have some patient leisure to excuse myself .
fouler than heart can think thee , thou canst make no excuse current but to hang thyself .
by such despair i should accuse myself .
thus high , by thy advice and thy assistance is king richard seated .
but shall we wear these glories for a day , or shall they last and we rejoice in them ?
still live they , and forever let them last .
ah , buckingham , now do i play the touch , to try if thou be current gold indeed .
young edward lives ; think now what i would speak .
say on , my loving lord .
o bitter consequence that edward still should live “ true noble prince ” !
cousin , thou wast not wont to be so dull .
your grace may do your pleasure .
tut , tut , thou art all ice ; thy kindness freezes .
say , have i thy consent that they shall die ?
give me some little breath , some pause , dear lord , before i positively speak in this .
i will resolve you herein presently .
know ’ st thou not any whom corrupting gold will tempt unto a close exploit of death ?
his name , my lord , is tyrrel .
i partly know the man .
well , be it so .
how now , lord stanley , what ’ s the news ?
rumor it abroad that anne my wife is very grievous sick .
inquire me out some mean poor gentleman , whom i will marry straight to clarence ' daughter .
look how thou dream ’ st !
i say again , give out that anne my queen is sick and like to die .
james tyrrel , and your most obedient subject .
dar ’ st thou resolve to kill a friend of mine ?
why then , thou hast it .
tyrrel , i mean those bastards in the tower .
thou sing ’ st sweet music .
hark , come hither , tyrrel .
go , by this token .
rise , and lend thine ear .
there is no more but so .
say it is done , and i will love thee and prefer thee for it .
i will dispatch it straight .
my lord , i have considered in my mind the late request that you did sound me in .
well , let that rest .
dorset is fled to richmond .
i hear the news , my lord .
stanley , he is your wife ’ s son .
well , look unto it .
stanley , look to your wife .
if she convey letters to richmond , you shall answer it .
what says your highness to my just request ?
my lord , your promise for the earldom— richmond !
my lord— ay , what ’ s o'clock ?
i am thus bold to put your grace in mind of what you promised me .
well , but what ’ s o'clock ?
upon the stroke of ten .
well , let it strike .
because that , like a jack , thou keep ’ st the stroke betwixt thy begging and my meditation .
i am not in the giving vein today .
why then , resolve me whether you will or no .
thou troublest me ; i am not in the vein .
repays he my deep service with such deep contempt ?
made i him king for this ?
o , let me think on hastings and be gone to brecknock , while my fearful head is on !
their lips were four red roses on a stalk , and in their summer beauty kissed each other .
kind tyrrel , am i happy in thy news ?
but did ’ st thou see them dead ?
i did , my lord .
and buried , gentle tyrrel ?
come to me , tyrrel , soon at after-supper , when thou shalt tell the process of their death .
meantime , but think how i may do thee good , and be inheritor of thy desire .
i humbly take my leave .
good or bad news , that thou com ’ st in so bluntly ?
bad news , my lord .
ely with richmond troubles me more near than buckingham and his rash-levied strength .
say that i slew them not .
then say they were not slain .
but dead they are , and devilish slave , by thee .
i did not kill your husband .
why then , he is alive .
in thy foul throat thou liest .
i was provokèd by her sland'rous tongue , that laid their guilt upon my guiltless shoulders .
thou wast provokèd by thy bloody mind , that never dream ’ st on aught but butcheries .
didst thou not kill this king ?
dost grant me , hedgehog ?
then , god grant me too thou mayst be damnèd for that wicked deed .
o , he was gentle , mild , and virtuous .
the better for the king of heaven that hath him .
he is in heaven , where thou shalt never come .
here in these confines slyly have i lurked to watch the waning of mine enemies .
withdraw thee , wretched margaret .
ah , my poor princes !
hover about her ; say that right for right hath dimmed your infant morn to agèd night .
so many miseries have crazed my voice that my woe-wearied tongue is still and mute .
edward plantagenet , why art thou dead ?
when didst thou sleep when such a deed was done ?
give mine the benefit of seigniory , and let my griefs frown on the upper hand .
o harry ’ s wife , triumph not in my woes !
god witness with me , i have wept for thine .
where is thy husband now ?
where are thy two sons ?
thou didst usurp my place , and dost thou not usurp the just proportion of my sorrow ?
these english woes will make me smile in france .
o , thou well-skilled in curses , stay awhile , and teach me how to curse mine enemies .
bettering thy loss makes the bad causer worse .
revolving this will teach thee how to curse .
o , quicken them with thine !
thy woes will make them sharp and pierce like mine .
why should calamity be full of words ?
if so , then be not tongue-tied .
tell me , thou villain-slave , where are my children ?
where is gentle rivers , vaughan , grey ?
let not the heavens hear these telltale women rail on the lord ’ s anointed .
ay , i thank god , my father , and yourself .
then patiently hear my impatience .
madam , i have a touch of your condition , which can not brook the accent of reproof .
o , let me speak !
do then , but i ’ ll not hear .
i will be mild and gentle in my words .
and brief , good mother , for i am in haste .
i have stayed for thee , god knows , in torment and in agony .
and came i not at last to comfort you ?
what comfortable hour canst thou name , that ever graced me in thy company ?
