“ then people will see the son of man coming in the clouds with great power and glory .
he will send his angels all around the earth . they will gather his chosen people from every part of the earth .
in the same way , when you see all these things happening , you will know that the time is very near , already present .
i assure you that all these things will happen while some of the people of this time are still living .
the whole world , earth and sky , will be destroyed , but my words will last forever .
be careful ! always be ready . you don ’ t know when that time will be .
if you are always ready , he will not find you sleeping , even if he comes back earlier than expected .
i tell you this , and i say it to everyone : ‘ be ready ! ’ ”
they said , “ but we can not arrest jesus during the festival . we don ’ t want the people to be angry and cause a riot . ”
some of the followers there saw this . they were upset and complained to each other . they said , “ why waste that perfume ?
jesus said , “ leave her alone . why are you giving her such trouble ? she did a very good thing for me .
you will always have the poor with you , and you can help them any time you want . but you will not always have me .
this woman did the only thing she could do for me . she poured perfume on my body before i die to prepare it for burial .
then judas iscariot , one of the twelve apostles , went to talk to the leading priests about handing jesus over to them .
they were very happy about this , and they promised to pay him . so he waited for the best time to hand jesus over to them .
the owner will show you a large room upstairs that is ready for us . prepare the meal for us there . ”
so the followers left and went into the city . everything happened the way jesus said . so the followers prepared the passover meal .
in the evening jesus went to that house with the twelve apostles .
the followers were very sad to hear this . each one said to jesus , “ surely i am not the one ! ”
jesus answered , “ it is one of you twelve—the one who is dipping his bread in the same bowl with me .
then he took a cup of wine , thanked god for it , and gave it to them . they all drank from the cup .
then he said , “ this wine is my blood , which will be poured out for many to begin the new agreement from god to his people .
they all sang a song and then went out to the mount of olives .
then jesus told the followers , “ you will all lose your faith . the scriptures say ,
but after i am killed , i will rise from death . then i will go to galilee . i will be there before you come . ”
peter said , “ all the other followers may lose their faith . but my faith will never be shaken . ”
jesus and his followers went to a place named gethsemane . he said to them , “ sit here while i pray . ”
but he told peter , james , and john to come with him . he began to be very distressed and troubled ,
and he said to them , “ my heart is so heavy with grief , i feel as if i am dying . wait here and stay awake . ”
stay awake and pray for strength against temptation . your spirit wants to do what is right , but your body is weak . ”
again jesus went away and prayed the same thing .
then he went back to the followers and again found them sleeping . they could not stay awake . they did not know what they should say to him .
stand up ! we must go . here comes the man who is handing me over to them . ”
so judas went over to jesus and said , “ teacher ! ” then he kissed him .
the men grabbed jesus and arrested him .
then jesus said , “ why do you come to get me with swords and clubs as if i were a criminal ?
then all of jesus ’ followers left him and ran away .
one of those following jesus was a young man wearing only a linen cloth . when the people tried to grab him ,
he left the cloth in their hands and ran away naked .
many people came and told lies against jesus , but they all said different things . none of them agreed .
then some others stood up and told more lies against jesus . they said ,
but also what these people said did not agree .
but jesus said nothing to answer him .
when the high priest heard this , he tore his clothes in anger . he said , “ we don ’ t need any more witnesses !
you all heard these insults to god . what do you think ? ”
while peter was still in the yard , a servant girl of the high priest came there .
she saw him warming himself by the fire . she looked closely at him and said , “ you were with jesus , that man from nazareth . ”
when the servant girl saw him there , she began saying again to the people standing around , “ this man is one of them . ”
again peter said it was not true .
then peter began to curse . he said , “ i swear to god , i don ’ t know this man you are talking about ! ”
pilate asked jesus , “ are you the king of the jews ? ”
the leading priests accused jesus of many things .
but jesus still did not answer , and this really surprised pilate .
every year at the passover time the governor would free one prisoner—whichever one the people wanted .
there was a man in prison at that time named barabbas . he and the rebels with him had been put in prison for committing murder during a riot .
the people came to pilate and asked him to free a prisoner as he always did .
pilate asked them , “ do you want me to free the king of the jews ? ”
pilate knew that the leading priests had handed jesus over to him because they were jealous of him .
but the leading priests persuaded the people to ask pilate to free barabbas , not jesus .
pilate asked the people again , “ so what should i do with this man you call the king of the jews ? ”
the people shouted , “ kill him on a cross ! ”
pilate asked , “ why ? what wrong has he done ? ”
pilate ’ s soldiers took jesus into the governor ’ s palace ( called the praetorium ) . they called all the other soldiers together .
they put a purple robe on jesus , made a crown from thorny branches , and put it on his head .
then they began shouting , “ welcome , king of the jews ! ”
they kept on beating his head with a stick and spitting on him . then they bowed down on their knees and pretended to honor him as a king .
they led jesus to the place called golgotha . ( golgotha means “ the place of the skull . ” )
there they gave him some wine mixed with myrrh , but he refused to drink it .
the soldiers nailed jesus to a cross . then they divided his clothes among themselves , throwing dice to see who would get what .
it was nine o ’ clock in the morning when they nailed jesus to the cross .
there was a sign with the charge against him written on it . it said , “ the king of the jews . ”
they also nailed two criminals to crosses beside jesus—one on the right and the other on the left .
so save yourself ! come down from that cross ! ”
at noon the whole country became dark . this darkness continued until three o ’ clock .
some of the people standing there heard this . they said , “ listen ! he is calling elijah . ”
then jesus cried out loudly and died .
when jesus died , the curtain in the temple was torn into two pieces . the tear started at the top and tore all the way to the bottom .
these were the women who had followed jesus in galilee and cared for him . many other women who had come with jesus to jerusalem were also there .
this day was called preparation day . ( that means the day before the sabbath day . ) it was becoming dark .
pilate was surprised to hear that jesus was already dead . so he called for the army officer in charge and asked him if jesus was already dead .
when pilate heard it from the officer , he told joseph he could have the body .
mary magdalene and mary the mother of joses saw the place where jesus was put .
the next day after the sabbath day , mary magdalene , salome , and mary the mother of james bought some sweet-smelling spices to put on jesus ’ body .
very early on that day , the first day of the week , the women were going to the tomb . it was very early after sunrise .
the women said to each other , “ there is a large stone covering the entrance of the tomb . who will move the stone for us ? ”
then the women looked and saw that the stone was moved . the stone was very large , but it was moved away from the entrance .
the women were very afraid and confused . they left the tomb and ran away . they did not tell about what happened , because they were afraid .
after mary saw jesus , she went and told his followers . they were very sad and were crying .
but mary told them that jesus was alive . she said that she had seen jesus , but they did not believe her .
later , jesus appeared to two followers while they were walking in the country . but jesus did not look the same as before he was killed .
these followers went back to the other followers and told them what happened . again , the followers did not believe them .
he said to them , “ go everywhere in the world . tell the good news to everyone .
whoever believes and is baptized will be saved . but those who do not believe will be judged guilty .
after the lord jesus said these things to his followers , he was carried up into heaven . there , jesus sat at the right side of god .
this is the family history of jesus the messiah . he came from the family of david , who was from the family of abraham .
abraham was the father of isaac .
judah was the father of perez and zerah . ( their mother was tamar . )
ram was the father of amminadab .
salmon was the father of boaz . ( his mother was rahab . )
jesse was the father of king david .
solomon was the father of rehoboam .
asa was the father of jehoshaphat .
uzziah was the father of jotham .
hezekiah was the father of manasseh .
josiah was the grandfather of jehoiachin and his brothers , who lived during the time that the people were taken away to babylon .
after they were taken to babylon :
zerubbabel was the father of abiud .
azor was the father of zadok .
eliud was the father of eleazar .
jacob was the father of joseph .
mary ’ s husband , joseph , was a good man . he did not want to cause her public disgrace , so he planned to divorce her secretly .
she will give birth to a son . you will name him jesus . give him that name because he will save his people from their sins . ”
all this happened to make clear the full meaning of what the lord said through the prophet :
“ the virgin will be pregnant and will give birth to a son . they will name him immanuel. ” ( immanuel means “ god with us . ” )
when joseph woke up , he did what the lord ’ s angel told him to do . he married mary .
but joseph did not have sexual relations with her until her son was born . and he named him jesus .
when king herod heard about this , it upset him as well as everyone else in jerusalem .
herod called a meeting of all the leading jewish priests and teachers of the law . he asked them where the messiah would be born .
they answered , “ in the town of bethlehem in judea , just as the prophet wrote :
‘ bethlehem , in the land of judah ,
then herod had a private meeting with the wise men from the east . he learned from them the exact time they first saw the star .
they were very happy and excited to see the star .
but god warned the wise men in a dream not to go back to herod . so they went home to their own country a different way .
so joseph got ready and left for egypt with the child and the mother . they left during the night .
this gave full meaning to what god said through the prophet jeremiah :
“ a sound was heard in ramah—
while joseph was in egypt , herod died . an angel from the lord came to joseph in a dream
so joseph took the child and the mother and went to israel .
when it was the right time , john the baptizer began telling people a message from god . this was out in the desert area of judea .
john said , “ change your hearts and lives , because god ’ s kingdom is now very near . ”
john is the one isaiah the prophet was talking about when he said ,
people came to john from jerusalem and the rest of judea and from all the areas along the jordan river .
they confessed the bad things they had done , and john baptized them in the jordan .
change your hearts ! and show by the way you live that you have changed .
the ax is now ready to cut down the trees . every tree that does not produce good fruit will be cut down and thrown into the fire .
then jesus came from galilee to the jordan river . he came to john , wanting john to baptize him .
but john tried to stop him . john said , “ why do you come to me to be baptized ? i should be baptized by you ! ”
jesus answered , “ let it be this way for now . we should do whatever god says is right. ” then john agreed .
a voice from heaven said , “ this is my son , the one i love . i am very pleased with him . ”
then the spirit led jesus into the desert . he was taken there to be tempted by the devil .
jesus ate nothing for 40 days and nights . after this , he was very hungry .
the devil came to tempt him and said , “ if you are the son of god , tell these rocks to become bread . ”
jesus answered him , “ the scriptures say ,
then the devil led jesus to the holy city of jerusalem and put him on a high place at the edge of the temple area .
he said to jesus , “ if you are the son of god , jump off , because the scriptures say ,
jesus answered , “ the scriptures also say , ‘ you must not test the lord your god . ’ ”
then the devil led jesus to the top of a very high mountain and showed him all the kingdoms of the world and all the wonderful things in them .
the devil said , “ if you will bow down and worship me , i will give you all these things . ”
jesus said to him , “ get away from me , satan ! the scriptures say ,
so the devil left him . then some angels came to jesus and helped him .
jesus heard that john was put in prison , so he went back to galilee .
but he did not stay in nazareth . he went to live in capernaum , a town near lake galilee in the area near zebulun and naphtali .
he did this to give full meaning to what the prophet isaiah said :
“ listen , land of zebulun and land of naphtali ,
the people who live in spiritual darkness
from that time jesus began to tell people his message : “ change your hearts and lives , because god ’ s kingdom is now very near . ”
simon and andrew immediately left their nets and followed him .
so they immediately left the boat and their father , and they followed jesus .
large crowds followed him—people from galilee , the ten towns , jerusalem , judea , and the area across the jordan river .
when jesus saw the crowds of people there , he went up on a hill and sat down . his followers came and sat next to him .
then jesus began teaching the people . he said ,
“ great blessings belong to those who know they are spiritually in need .
great blessings belong to those who are sad now .
great blessings belong to those who are humble .
great blessings belong to those who want to do right more than anything else .
great blessings belong to those who show mercy to others .
great blessings belong to those whose thoughts are pure .
great blessings belong to those who work to bring peace .
great blessings belong to those who suffer persecution for doing what is right .
“ you are the light that shines for the world to see . you are like a city built on a hill that can not be hidden .
people don ’ t hide a lamp under a bowl . they put it on a lampstand . then the light shines for everyone in the house .
“ so , what if you are offering your gift at the altar and remember that someone has something against you ?
leave your gift there and go make peace with that person . then come and offer your gift .
i assure you that you will not leave there until you have paid everything you owe .
“ you have heard that it was said , ‘ you must not commit adultery . ’
“ it was also said , ‘ any man who divorces his wife must give her a written notice of divorce . ’
“ you have heard that it was said , ‘ an eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth . ’
if anyone wants to sue you in court and take your shirt , let them have your coat too .
if a soldier forces you to walk with him one mile , go with him two .
give to anyone who asks you for something . don ’ t refuse to give to anyone who wants to borrow from you .
“ you have heard that it was said , ‘ love your neighbor and hate your enemy . ’
but i tell you , love your enemies . pray for those who treat you badly .
if you love only those who love you , why should you get a reward for that ? even the tax collectors do that .
what i am saying is that you must be perfect , just as your father in heaven is perfect .
so when you give to the poor , don ’ t let anyone know what you are doing .
your giving should be done in private . your father can see what is done in private , and he will reward you .
don ’ t be like them . your father knows what you need before you ask him .
so this is how you should pray :
we pray that your kingdom will come—
give us the food we need for today .
don ’ t let us be tempted ,
yes , if you forgive others for the wrongs they do to you , then your father in heaven will also forgive your wrongs .
but if you don ’ t forgive others , then your father in heaven will not forgive the wrongs you do .
so when you fast , wash your face and make yourself look nice .
“ don ’ t save treasures for yourselves here on earth . moths and rust will destroy them . and thieves can break into your house and steal them .
instead , save your treasures in heaven , where they can not be destroyed by moths or rust and where thieves can not break in and steal them .
your heart will be where your treasure is .
you can not add any time to your life by worrying about it .
but i tell you that even solomon , the great and rich king , was not dressed as beautifully as one of these flowers .
so don ’ t worry about tomorrow . each day has enough trouble of its own . tomorrow will have its own worries .
“ don ’ t judge others , and god will not judge you .
if you judge others , you will be judged the same way you judge them . god will treat you the same way you treat others .
yes , whoever continues to ask will receive . whoever continues to look will find . and whoever continues to knock will have the door opened for them .
“ do any of you have a son ? if he asked for bread , would you give him a rock ?
or if he asked for a fish , would you give him a snake ? of course not !
“ do for others what you would want them to do for you . this is the meaning of the law of moses and the teaching of the prophets .
“ be careful of false prophets . they come to you and look gentle like sheep . but they are really dangerous like wolves .
in the same way , every good tree produces good fruit , and bad trees produce bad fruit .
a good tree can not produce bad fruit , and a bad tree can not produce good fruit .
every tree that does not produce good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire .
you will know these false people by what they do .
then i will tell those people clearly , ‘ get away from me , you people who do wrong . i never knew you . ’
“ whoever hears these teachings of mine and obeys them is like a wise man who built his house on rock .
it rained hard , the floods came , and the winds blew and beat against that house . but it did not fall because it was built on rock .
“ whoever hears these teachings of mine and does not obey them is like a foolish man who built his house on sand .
it rained hard , the floods came , and the winds blew and beat against that house . and it fell with a loud crash . ”
when jesus finished speaking , the people were amazed at his teaching .
he did not teach like their teachers of the law . he taught like someone who has authority .
jesus came down from the hill , and a large crowd followed him .
jesus touched the man . he said , “ i want to heal you . be healed ! ” immediately the man was healed from his leprosy .
jesus went to the city of capernaum . when he entered the city , an army officer came to him and begged for help .
the officer said , “ lord , my servant is very sick at home in bed . he can ’ t move his body and has much pain . ”
jesus said to the officer , “ i will go and heal him . ”
then jesus said to the officer , “ go home . your servant will be healed the way you believed he would. ” right then his servant was healed .
jesus went to peter ’ s house . he saw that peter ’ s mother-in-law was in bed with a high fever .
he touched her hand , and the fever left her . then she stood up and began to serve him .
so jesus made clear the full meaning of what isaiah the prophet said :
when jesus saw the crowd around him , he told his followers to go to the other side of the lake .
then a teacher of the law came to him and said , “ teacher , i will follow you any place you go . ”
another of jesus ’ followers said to him , “ lord , i will follow you too , but let me go and bury my father first . ”
but jesus said to him , “ follow me , and let those who are dead bury their own dead . ”
jesus got into a boat , and his followers went with him .
after the boat left the shore , a very bad storm began on the lake . the waves covered the boat . but jesus was sleeping .
the followers went to him and woke him . they said , “ lord , save us ! we will drown ! ”
the men were amazed . they said , “ what kind of man is this ? even the wind and the water obey him ! ”
near that place there was a large herd of pigs feeding .
the demons begged jesus , “ if you make us leave these men , please send us into that herd of pigs . ”
then the whole town went out to see jesus . when the people saw him , they begged him to leave their area .
jesus got into a boat and went back across the lake to his own town .
jesus knew what they were thinking . so he said , “ why are you thinking such evil thoughts ?
the man stood up and went home .
the people saw this and they were amazed . they praised god for letting someone have such power .
jesus ate dinner at matthew ’ s house . many tax collectors and others with bad reputations came and ate with him and his followers .
the pharisees saw that jesus was eating with these people . they asked his followers , “ why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and other sinners ? ”
jesus heard them say this . so he said to them , “ it is the sick people who need a doctor , not those who are healthy .
so jesus and his followers went with the man .
on the way , there was a woman who had been bleeding for twelve years . she came close behind jesus and touched the bottom of his coat .
she was thinking , “ if i can touch his coat , i will be healed . ”
jesus said , “ go away . the girl is not dead . she is only sleeping. ” but the people laughed at him .
the news about this spread all around the area .
as jesus was going away from there , two blind men followed him . they said loudly , “ show kindness to us , son of david . ”
then jesus touched their eyes and said , “ you believe that i can make you see again , so it will happen . ”
then the men were able to see . jesus gave them a strong warning . he said , “ don ’ t tell anyone about this . ”
but they left and spread the news about jesus all around that area .
as these two men were leaving , some people brought another man to jesus . this man could not talk because he had a demon inside him .
but the pharisees said , “ the ruler of demons is the one that gives him power to force demons out . ”
jesus saw the many people and felt sorry for them because they were worried and helpless—like sheep without a shepherd to lead them .
god owns the harvest . ask him to send more workers to help gather his harvest . ”
jesus called his twelve followers together . he gave them power over evil spirits and power to heal every kind of disease and sickness .
these are the names of the twelve apostles :
simon , the zealot ,
but go to the people of israel . they are like sheep that are lost .
when you go , tell them this : ‘ god ’ s kingdom is now very near . ’
don ’ t carry any money with you—gold or silver or copper .
“ when you enter a city or town , find some worthy person there and stay in his home until you leave .
when you enter that home , say , ‘ peace be with you . ’
i can assure you that on the judgment day it will be worse for that town than for the people of sodom and gomorrah .
be careful ! there are people who will arrest you and take you to be judged . they will whip you in their synagogues .
it will not really be you speaking ; the spirit of your father will be speaking through you .
everyone will hate you because you follow me . but the one who remains faithful to the end will be saved .
“ students are not better than their teacher . servants are not better than their master .
“ so don ’ t be afraid of those people . everything that is hidden will be shown . everything that is secret will be made known .
i tell you all this secretly , but i want you to tell it publicly . whatever i tell you privately , you should shout for everyone to hear .
when birds are sold , two small birds cost only a penny . but not even one of those little birds can die without your father knowing it .
god even knows how many hairs are on your head .
so don ’ t be afraid . you are worth more than a whole flock of birds .
“ if you stand before others and are willing to say you believe in me , then i will tell my father in heaven that you belong to me .
“ do not think that i have come to bring peace to the earth . i did not come to bring peace . i came to bring trouble .
i have come to make this happen :
even members of your own family will be your enemies . ’
those who will not accept the cross that is given to them when they follow me are not worthy of me .
those who try to keep the life they have will lose it . but those who give up their life for me will find true life .
“ whoever accepts you also accepts me . and whoever accepts me accepts the one who sent me .
when john was in prison , he heard about the things that were happening—things the messiah would do . so he sent some of his followers to jesus .
they asked him , “ are you the one we have been expecting , or should we wait for someone else ? ”
jesus answered , “ go tell john what you have heard and seen :
great blessings belong to those who don ’ t have a problem accepting me . ”
so what did you go out to see ? a prophet ? yes , john is a prophet . but i tell you , he is more than that .
this scripture was written about him :
before john came , the law of moses and all the prophets told about the things that would happen .
and if you believe what they said , then john is elijah . he is the one they said would come .
you people who hear me , listen !
‘ we played flute music for you ,
then jesus criticized the cities where he did most of his miracles . he criticized these cities because the people there did not change their lives and stop sinning .
but i tell you , on the day of judgment it will be worse for you than for tyre and sidon .
but i tell you , it will be worse for you in the day of judgment than for sodom . ”
yes , father , you did this because it ’ s what you really wanted to do .
“ come to me all of you who are tired from the heavy burden you have been forced to carry . i will give you rest .
accept my teaching . learn from me . i am gentle and humble in spirit . and you will be able to get some rest .
yes , the teaching that i ask you to accept is easy . the load i give you to carry is light . ”
jesus said to them , “ you have read what david did when he and those with him were hungry .
i tell you that there is something here that is greater than the temple .
“ the son of man is lord over the sabbath day . ”
jesus went from there to their synagogue .
surely a man is more important than a sheep . so it is right to do good on the sabbath day . ”
but the pharisees left and made plans to kill jesus .
jesus knew what the pharisees were planning . so he left that place , and many people followed him . he healed all who were sick ,
but he warned them not to tell others who he was .
this was to give full meaning to what isaiah the prophet said when he spoke for god :
“ here is my servant ,
he will not argue or shout ;
he will not break off even a bent stem of grass .
all people will hope in him . ”
all the people were amazed at what jesus did . they said , “ maybe he is the promised son of david ! ”
so if satan forces out his own demons , then he is fighting against himself , and his kingdom will not survive .
but i use the power of god ’ s spirit to force out demons , and this shows that god ’ s kingdom has come to you .
whoever wants to enter a strong man ’ s house and steal his things must first tie him up . then they can steal the things from his house .
whoever is not with me is against me . and anyone who does not work with me is working against me .
you snakes ! you are so evil . how can you say anything good ? what people say with their mouths comes from what fills their hearts .
i tell you that everyone will have to answer for all the careless things they have said . this will happen on the day of judgment .
your words will be used to judge you . what you have said will show whether you are right or whether you are guilty . ”
“ when an evil spirit comes out of a person , it travels through dry places looking for a place to rest , but it finds none .
while jesus was talking to the people , his mother and brothers stood outside . they wanted to talk to him .
someone told him , “ your mother and brothers are waiting for you outside . they want to talk to you . ”
jesus answered , “ who is my mother ? who are my brothers ? ”
then he pointed to his followers and said , “ see ! these people are my mother and my brothers .
yes , anyone who does what my father in heaven wants is my true brother and sister and mother . ”
that same day jesus went out of the house and sat by the lake .
a large crowd gathered around him . so he got into a boat and sat down . all the people stayed on the shore .
then jesus used stories to teach them many things . he told them this story :
while he was scattering the seed , some of it fell by the road . the birds came and ate all that seed .
other seed fell on rocky ground , where there was not enough dirt . it grew very fast there , because the soil was not deep .
but when the sun rose , it burned the plants . the plants died because they did not have deep roots .
some other seed fell among thorny weeds . the weeds grew and stopped the good plants from growing .
you people who hear me , listen ! ”
the followers came to jesus and asked , “ why do you use these stories to teach the people ? ”
jesus answered , “ only you can know the secret truths about god ’ s kingdom . those other people can not know these secret truths .
so they show that what isaiah said about them is true :
yes , the minds of these people are now closed .
but god has blessed you . you understand what you see with your eyes . and you understand what you hear with your ears .
“ so listen to the meaning of that story about the farmer :
“ and what about the seed that fell on rocky ground ? that is like the people who hear the teaching and quickly and gladly accept it .
then jesus used another story to teach them . jesus said , “ god ’ s kingdom is like a man who planted good seed in his field .
that night , while everyone was asleep , the man ’ s enemy came and planted weeds among the wheat and then left .
later , the wheat grew , and heads of grain grew on the plants . but at the same time the weeds also grew .
then the man ’ s servants came to him and said , ‘ you planted good seed in your field . where did the weeds come from ? ’
“ the man answered , ‘ an enemy planted weeds . ’
“ he answered , ‘ no , because when you pull up the weeds , you might also pull up the wheat .
then jesus told the people another story : “ god ’ s kingdom is like a mustard seed that a man plants in his field .
jesus used stories to tell all these things to the people . he always used stories to teach them .
this was to make clear the full meaning of what the prophet said :
he answered , “ the man who planted the good seed in the field is the son of man .
the field is the world . the good seed are the people in god ’ s kingdom . the weeds are the people who belong to the evil one .
“ the weeds are pulled up and burned in the fire . it will be the same at the end of time .
they will throw them into the place of fire . there the people will be crying and grinding their teeth with pain .
then the godly people will shine like the sun . they will be in the kingdom of their father . you people who hear me , listen !
“ also , god ’ s kingdom is like a merchant looking for fine pearls .
one day he found a very fine pearl . he went and sold everything he had to buy it .
“ also , god ’ s kingdom is like a net that was put into the lake . the net caught many different kinds of fish .
it will be the same at the end of time . the angels will come and separate the evil people from the godly people .
they will throw the evil people into the place of fire . there the people will cry and grind their teeth with pain . ”
then jesus asked his followers , “ do you understand all these things ? ”
when jesus finished teaching with these stories , he left there .
and don ’ t all his sisters still live here in town ? how is he able to do these things ? ”
so they had a problem accepting him .
jesus did not do many miracles there , because the people did not believe in him .
about that time , herod , the ruler of galilee , heard what the people were saying about jesus .
john had told him , “ it is not right for you to be married to herodias . ”
herod wanted to kill him , but he was afraid of the people . they believed that john was a prophet .
on herod ’ s birthday , the daughter of herodias danced for him and his group . herod was very pleased with her .
so he promised that he would give her anything she wanted .
herodias told her daughter what to ask for . so she said to herod , “ give me the head of john the baptizer here on this plate . ”
he sent men to the prison , where they cut off john ’ s head .
and the men brought john ’ s head on a plate and gave it to the girl . then she took the head to her mother , herodias .
john ’ s followers came and got his body and buried it . then they went and told jesus what happened .
jesus said , “ the people don ’ t need to go away . you give them some food to eat . ”
the followers answered , “ but we have only five loaves of bread and two fish . ”
jesus said , “ bring the bread and the fish to me . ”
everyone ate until they were full . when they finished eating , the followers filled twelve baskets with the pieces of food that were not eaten .
there were about 5000 men there who ate . there were also women and children who ate .
after jesus said goodbye to the people , he went up into the hills by himself to pray . it was late , and he was there alone .
when they saw him walking on the water , it scared them . “ it ’ s a ghost ! ” they said , screaming in fear .
but jesus quickly spoke to them . he said , “ don ’ t worry ! it ’ s me ! don ’ t be afraid . ”
peter said , “ lord , if that is really you , tell me to come to you on the water . ”
jesus said , “ come , peter . ”
then jesus caught peter with his hand . he said , “ your faith is small . why did you doubt ? ”
after peter and jesus were in the boat , the wind stopped .
then the followers in the boat worshiped jesus and said , “ you really are the son of god . ”
after they crossed the lake , they came to the shore at gennesaret .
they begged jesus to let them only touch the edge of his coat to be healed . and all the sick people who touched his coat were healed .
then some pharisees and teachers of the law came to jesus . they came from jerusalem and asked him ,
jesus answered , “ and why do you refuse to obey god ’ s command so that you can follow those traditions you have ?
you are hypocrites ! isaiah was right when he spoke for god about you :
‘ these people honor me with their words ,
their worship of me is worthless .
jesus called the people to him . he said , “ listen and understand what i am saying .
it is not what people put in their mouth that makes them wrong . it is what comes out of their mouth that makes them wrong . ”
then the followers came to jesus and asked , “ do you know that the pharisees are upset about what you said ? ”
jesus answered , “ every plant that my father in heaven has not planted will be pulled up by the roots .
peter said , “ explain to us what you said earlier to the people . ”
jesus said , “ do you still have trouble understanding ?
surely you know that all the food that enters the mouth goes into the stomach . then it goes out of the body .
but the bad things people say with their mouth come from the way they think . and that ’ s what can make people wrong .
all these bad things begin in the mind : evil thoughts , murder , adultery , sexual sins , stealing , lying , and insulting people .
these are the things that make people wrong . eating without washing their hands will never make people unacceptable to god . ”
jesus went from there to the area of tyre and sidon .
jesus answered , “ god sent me only to the lost people of israel . ”
then the woman came over to jesus and bowed before him . she said , “ lord , help me ! ”
he answered her with this saying : “ it is not right to take the children ’ s bread and give it to the dogs . ”
the woman said , “ yes , lord , but even the dogs eat the pieces of food that fall from their master ’ s table . ”
then jesus went from there to the shore of lake galilee . he went up on a hill and sat down .
the followers asked jesus , “ where can we get enough bread to feed all these people ? we are a long way from any town . ”
jesus asked , “ how many loaves of bread do you have ? ”
jesus told the people to sit on the ground .
all the people ate until they were full . after this , the followers filled seven baskets with the pieces of food that were not eaten .
there were about 4000 men there who ate . there were also some women and children .
after they all ate , jesus told the people they could go home . he got into the boat and went to the area of magadan .
the pharisees and sadducees came to jesus . they wanted to test him . so they asked him to show them a miracle as a sign from god .
jesus and his followers went across the lake . but the followers forgot to bring bread .
jesus said to the followers , “ be careful ! guard against the yeast of the pharisees and the sadducees . ”
the followers discussed the meaning of this . they said , “ did jesus say this because we forgot to bring bread ? ”
jesus knew that they were talking about this . so he asked them , “ why are you talking about not having bread ? your faith is small .
do you still not understand ? remember the five loaves of bread that fed the 5000 people and the many baskets you filled with the bread that was left ?
and remember the seven loaves of bread that fed the 4000 people and the many baskets you filled that time ?
jesus went to the area of caesarea philippi . he said to his followers , “ who do people say i am ? ”
then jesus said to his followers , “ and who do you say i am ? ”
simon peter answered , “ you are the messiah , the son of the living god . ”
jesus answered , “ you are blessed , simon son of jonah . no one taught you that . my father in heaven showed you who i am .
then jesus warned his followers not to tell anyone he was the messiah .
any of you who try to save the life you have will lose it . but you who give up your life for me will find true life .
it is worth nothing for you to have the whole world if you yourself are lost . you could never pay enough to buy back your life .
the son of man will come again with his father ’ s glory and with his angels . and he will reward everyone for what they have done .
believe me when i say that there are some people standing here who will see the son of man coming with his kingdom before they die . ”
six days later , jesus took peter , james , and john the brother of james and went up on a high mountain . they were all alone there .
while these followers watched him , jesus was changed . his face became bright like the sun , and his clothes became white as light .
then two men were there , talking with him . they were moses and elijah .
the followers with jesus heard this voice . they were very afraid , so they fell to the ground .
but jesus came to them and touched them . he said , “ stand up . don ’ t be afraid . ”
the followers looked up , and they saw that jesus was now alone .
the followers asked jesus , “ why do the teachers of the law say that elijah must come before the messiah comes ? ”
jesus answered , “ they are right to say elijah is coming . and it is true that elijah will make all things the way they should be .
then the followers understood that when jesus said elijah , he was really talking about john the baptizer .
jesus and the followers went back to the people . a man came to jesus and bowed before him .
i brought him to your followers , but they could not heal him . ”
jesus gave a strong command to the demon inside the boy . the demon came out of the boy , and the boy was healed .
later , the followers met together in galilee . jesus said to them , “ the son of man will be handed over to the control of other men ,
who will kill him . but on the third day he will be raised from death. ” the followers were very sad to hear that jesus would be killed .
peter answered , “ yes , he does . ”
peter answered , “ the other people pay the taxes . ”
about that time the followers came to jesus and asked , “ who is the greatest in god ’ s kingdom ? ”
jesus called a little child to come to him . he stood the child in front of the followers .
the greatest person in god ’ s kingdom is the one who makes himself humble like this child .
“ whoever accepts a little child like this in my name is accepting me .
and if he finds the lost sheep , he is happier about that one sheep than about the 99 sheep that were never lost . i can assure you ,
in the same way your father in heaven does not want any of these little children to be lost .
to say it another way , if two of you on earth agree on anything you pray for , my father in heaven will do what you ask .
yes , if two or three people are together believing in me , i am there with them . ”
“ so god ’ s kingdom is like a king who decided to collect the money his servants owed him .
the king began to collect his money . one servant owed him several thousand pounds of silver .
“ but the servant fell on his knees and begged , ‘ be patient with me . i will pay you everything i owe . ’
the master felt sorry for him . so he told the servant he did not have to pay . he let him go free .
“ the other servant fell on his knees and begged him , ‘ be patient with me . i will pay you everything i owe . ’
all the other servants saw what happened . they felt very sorry for the man . so they went and told their master everything that happened .
so you should have given that other man who serves with you the same mercy i gave you . ’
after jesus said all these things , he left galilee . he went into the area of judea on the other side of the jordan river .
many people followed him . jesus healed the sick people there .
jesus answered , “ surely you have read this in the scriptures : when god made the world , ‘ he made people male and female . ’
so they are no longer two , but one . god has joined them together , so no one should separate them . ”
the pharisees asked , “ then why did moses give a command allowing a man to divorce his wife by writing a certificate of divorce ? ”
jesus answered , “ moses allowed you to divorce your wives because you refused to accept god ’ s teaching . but divorce was not allowed in the beginning .
i tell you that whoever divorces his wife , except for the problem of sexual sin , and marries another woman is guilty of adultery . ”
the followers said to jesus , “ if that is the only reason a man can divorce his wife , it is better not to marry . ”
he answered , “ this statement is true for some , but not for everyone—only for those who have been given this gift .
after jesus blessed the children , he left there .
a man came to jesus and asked , “ teacher , what good thing must i do to have eternal life ? ”
the man asked , “ which ones ? ”
you must respect your father and mother , ’ and ‘ love your neighbor the same as you love yourself . ’ ”
the young man said , “ i have obeyed all these commands . what else do i need ? ”
then jesus said to his followers , “ the truth is , it will be very hard for a rich person to enter god ’ s kingdom .
the followers were amazed to hear this . they asked , “ then who can be saved ? ”
jesus looked at them and said , “ this is something that people can not do . but god can do anything . ”
peter said to him , “ we left everything we had and followed you . so what will we have ? ”
many people who are first now will be last in the future . and many who are last now will be first in the future .
he agreed to pay the workers one silver coin for working that day . then he sent them into the vineyard to work .
“ about nine o ’ clock the man went to the marketplace and saw some other people standing there . they were doing nothing .
so he said to them , ‘ if you go and work in my field , i will pay you what your work is worth . ’
so they went to work in the vineyard .
“ they said , ‘ no one gave us a job . ’
“ the workers who were hired at five o ’ clock came to get their pay . each worker got one silver coin .
when they got their silver coin , they complained to the man who owned the land .
so take your pay and go . i want to give the man who was hired last the same pay i gave you .
i can do what i want with my own money . why would you be jealous because i am generous ? ’
“ so those who are last now will be first in the future . and those who are first now will be last in the future . ”
then zebedee ’ s wife came to jesus and brought her sons . she bowed before jesus and asked him to do something for her .
jesus said , “ what do you want ? ”
the other ten followers heard this and were angry with the two brothers .
but it should not be that way with you . whoever wants to be your leader must be your servant .
whoever wants to be first must serve the rest of you like a slave .
when jesus and his followers were leaving jericho , a large crowd followed him .
jesus stopped and said to them , “ what do you want me to do for you ? ”
they answered , “ lord , we want to be able to see . ”
jesus felt sorry for the blind men . he touched their eyes , and immediately they were able to see . then they became followers of jesus .
if anyone asks you why you are taking the donkeys , tell them , ‘ the master needs them . he will send them back soon . ’ ”
this showed the full meaning of what the prophet said :
“ tell the people of zion ,
the followers went and did what jesus told them to do .
they brought the mother donkey and the young donkey to him . they covered the donkeys with their coats , and jesus sat on them .
on the way to jerusalem , many people spread their coats on the road for jesus . others cut branches from the trees and spread them on the road .
some of the people were walking ahead of jesus . others were walking behind him . they all shouted ,
then jesus went into jerusalem . all the people in the city were confused . they asked , “ who is this man ? ”
the crowds following jesus answered , “ this is jesus . he is the prophet from the town of nazareth in galilee . ”
some blind people and some who were crippled came to jesus in the temple area . jesus healed them .
they asked jesus , “ do you hear what these children are saying ? ”
then jesus left them and went out of the city to bethany , where he spent the night .
early the next morning , jesus was going back to the city . he was very hungry .
when the followers saw this , they were very surprised . they asked , “ how did the fig tree dry up and die so quickly ? ”
if you believe , you will get anything you ask for in prayer . ”
tell me : when john baptized people , did his authority come from god , or was it only from other people ? ”
so they told jesus , “ we don ’ t know the answer . ”
“ the son answered , ‘ i will not go. ’ but later he decided he should go , and he went .
“ which of the two sons obeyed his father ? ”
later , it was time for the grapes to be picked . so the man sent his servants to the farmers to get his share of the grapes .
“ but the farmers grabbed the servants and beat one . they killed another one and then stoned to death a third servant .
so the man decided to send his son to the farmers . he said , ‘ the farmers will respect my son . ’
so the farmers took the son , threw him out of the vineyard , and killed him .
“ so what will the owner of the vineyard do to these farmers when he comes ? ”
jesus said to them , “ surely you have read this in the scriptures :
whoever falls on this stone will be broken . and it will crush anyone it falls on . ”
when the leading priests and the pharisees heard these stories , they knew that jesus was talking about them .
they wanted to find a way to arrest jesus . but they were afraid to do anything , because the people believed that jesus was a prophet .
jesus used some more stories to teach the people . he said ,
“ god ’ s kingdom is like a king who prepared a wedding feast for his son .
some of the other people grabbed the servants , beat them , and killed them .
the king was very angry . he sent his army to kill those who murdered his servants . and the army burned their city .
so go to the street corners and invite everyone you see . tell them to come to my feast . ’
“ when the king came in to meet the guests , he saw a man there who was not dressed in the right clothes for a wedding .
the king said , ‘ friend , how were you allowed to come in here ? you are not wearing the right clothes. ’ but the man said nothing .
“ yes , many people are invited . but only a few are chosen . ”
then the pharisees left the place where jesus was teaching . they made plans to catch him saying something wrong .
so tell us what you think . is it right to pay taxes to caesar or not ? ”
show me a coin used for paying the tax. ” they showed jesus a silver coin .
then he asked , “ whose picture is on the coin ? and whose name is written on the coin ? ”
they answered , “ it is caesar ’ s picture and caesar ’ s name . ”
when they heard what jesus said , they were amazed . they left him and went away .
that same day some sadducees came to jesus . ( sadducees believe that no one will rise from death . ) the sadducees asked jesus a question .
there were seven brothers among us . the first brother married but died . he had no children . so his brother married the woman .
then the second brother also died . the same thing happened to the third brother and all the other brothers .
the woman was the last to die .
but all seven men had married her . so when people rise from death , whose wife will she be ? ”
surely you have read what god said to you about people rising from death .
when the people heard this , they were amazed at jesus ’ teaching .
the pharisees learned that jesus had made the sadducees look so foolish that they stopped trying to argue with him . so the pharisees had a meeting .
then one of them , an expert in the law of moses , asked jesus a question to test him .
he said , “ teacher , which command in the law is the most important ? ”
jesus answered , “ ‘ love the lord your god with all your heart , all your soul , and all your mind . ’
this is the first and most important command .
and the second command is like the first : ‘ love your neighbor the same as you love yourself . ’
all of the law and the writings of the prophets take their meaning from these two commands . ”
so while the pharisees were together , jesus asked them a question .
he said , “ what do you think about the messiah ? whose son is he ? ”
jesus said to them , “ then why did david call him ‘ lord ’ ? david was speaking by the power of the spirit . he said ,
‘ the lord god said to my lord :
david calls the messiah ‘ lord. ’ so how can he be david ’ s son ? ”
none of the pharisees could answer jesus ’ question . and after that day , no one was brave enough to ask him any more questions .
then jesus spoke to the people and to his followers . he said ,
“ the teachers of the law and the pharisees have the authority to tell you what the law of moses says .
these men love to have the places of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues .
they love for people to show respect to them in the marketplaces and to call them ‘ teacher . ’
“ but you must not be called ‘ teacher. ’ you are all equal as brothers and sisters . you have only one teacher .
and don ’ t call anyone on earth ‘ father. ’ you have one father . he is in heaven .
and you should not be called ‘ master. ’ you have only one master , the messiah .
whoever serves you like a servant is the greatest among you .
people who think they are better than others will be made humble . but people who humble themselves will be made great .
whoever uses the altar to make a promise is really using the altar and everything on the altar .
and anyone who uses the temple to make a promise is really using the temple and god , who lives in it .
whoever uses heaven to make a promise is using god ’ s throne and the one who is seated on it .
pharisees , you are blind ! first make the inside of the cup clean and good . then the outside of the cup will also be clean .
it is the same with you . people look at you and think you are godly . but on the inside you are full of hypocrisy and evil .
and you say , ‘ if we had lived during the time of our ancestors , we would not have helped them kill these prophets . ’
so you give proof that you are descendants of those who killed the prophets .
and you will finish the sin that your ancestors started !
believe me when i say that all these things will happen to you people who are living now .
now your house will be left completely empty .
jesus left the temple area and was walking away . but his followers came to him to show him the temple ’ s buildings .
jesus answered , “ be careful ! don ’ t let anyone fool you .
many people will come and use my name . they will say , ‘ i am the messiah. ’ and they will fool many people .
these things are only the beginning of troubles , like the first pains of a woman giving birth .
“ then you will be arrested and handed over to be punished and killed . people all over the world will hate you because you believe in me .
during that time many believers will lose their faith . they will turn against each other and hate each other .
many false prophets will come and cause many people to believe things that are wrong .
there will be so much more evil in the world that the love of most believers will grow cold .
but the one who remains faithful to the end will be saved .
“ the people in judea at that time should run away to the mountains .
if they are in the field , they must not go back to get a coat .
“ during that time it will be hard for women who are pregnant or have small babies !
pray that it will not be winter or a sabbath day when these things happen and you have to run away ,
false messiahs and false prophets will come and do great miracles and wonders , trying to fool the people god has chosen , if that is possible .
now i have warned you about this before it happens .
when the son of man comes , everyone will see him . it will be like lightning flashing in the sky that can be seen everywhere .
it ’ s like looking for a dead body : you will find it where the vultures are gathering above .
“ right after the trouble of those days , this will happen :
he will use a loud trumpet to send his angels all around the earth . they will gather his chosen people from every part of the earth .
in the same way , when you see all these things happening , you will know that the time is very near , already present .
i assure you that all these things will happen while some of the people of this time are still living .
the whole world , earth and sky , will be destroyed , but my words will last forever .
“ when the son of man comes , it will be the same as what happened during noah ’ s time .
they knew nothing about what was happening until the flood came and destroyed them all .
two men will be working together in the field . one will be taken and the other will be left .
two women will be grinding grain with a mill . one will be taken and the other will be left .
“ so always be ready . you don ’ t know the day your lord will come .
what would a homeowner do if he knew when a thief was coming ? you know he would be ready and not let the thief break in .
so you also must be ready . the son of man will come at a time when you don ’ t expect him .
when the master comes and finds that servant doing the work he gave him , it will be a day of blessing for that servant .
i can tell you without a doubt , the master will choose that servant to take care of everything he owns .
“ but what will happen if that servant is evil and thinks his master will not come back soon ?
he will begin to beat the other servants . he will eat and drink with others who are drunk .
then the master will come when the servant is not ready , at a time when the servant is not expecting him .
then the master will punish that servant . he will send him away to be with the hypocrites , where people will cry and grind their teeth with pain .
“ at that time god ’ s kingdom will be like ten girls who went to wait for the bridegroom . they took their lamps with them .
five of the girls were foolish , and five were wise .
the foolish girls took their lamps with them , but they did not take extra oil for the lamps .
the wise girls took their lamps and more oil in jars .
when the bridegroom was very late , the girls could not keep their eyes open , and they all fell asleep .
“ at midnight someone announced , ‘ the bridegroom is coming ! come and meet him ! ’
“ then all the girls woke up . they made their lamps ready .
but the foolish girls said to the wise girls , ‘ give us some of your oil . the oil in our lamps is all gone . ’
“ later , the other girls came . they said , ‘ sir , sir ! open the door to let us in . ’
“ but the bridegroom answered , ‘ certainly not ! i don ’ t even know you . ’
“ so always be ready . you don ’ t know the day or the time when the son of man will come .
the servant who got five bags went quickly to invest the money . those five bags of money earned five more .
it was the same with the servant who had two bags . that servant invested the money and earned two more .
“ after a long time the master came home . he asked the servants what they did with his money .
so i was afraid . i went and hid your money in the ground . here is the one bag of money you gave me . ’
“ so the master told his other servants , ‘ take the one bag of money from that servant and give it to the servant who has ten bags .
then the master said , ‘ throw that useless servant outside into the darkness , where people will cry and grind their teeth with pain . ’
he will put the sheep on his right and the goats on his left .
when did we see you sick or in prison and care for you ? ’
“ then the king will answer , ‘ the truth is , anything you did for any of my people here , you also did for me . ’
you must go away because when i was hungry , you gave me nothing to eat . when i was thirsty , you gave me nothing to drink .
“ then these evil people will go away to be punished forever . but the godly people will go and enjoy eternal life . ”
after jesus finished saying all these things , he said to his followers ,
then the leading priests and the older jewish leaders had a meeting at the palace where the high priest lived . the high priest ’ s name was caiaphas .
they said , “ we can not arrest jesus during passover . we don ’ t want the people to become angry and cause a riot . ”
jesus was in bethany at the house of simon the leper .
the followers saw the woman do this and were upset at her . they said , “ why waste that perfume ?
it could be sold for a lot of money , and the money could be given to those who are poor . ”
but jesus knew what happened . he said , “ why are you bothering this woman ? she did a very good thing for me .
you will always have the poor with you . but you will not always have me .
this woman poured perfume on my body . she did this to prepare me for burial after i die .
then one of the twelve followers went to talk to the leading priests . this was the follower named judas iscariot .
he said , “ i will hand jesus over to you . what will you pay me for doing this ? ” the priests gave him 30 silver coins .
after that judas waited for the best time to hand jesus over to them .
they obeyed and did what jesus told them to do . they prepared the passover meal .
in the evening jesus was at the table with the twelve followers .
they were all eating . then jesus said , “ believe me when i say that one of you twelve here will hand me over to my enemies . ”
the followers were very sad to hear this . each one said , “ lord , surely i am not the one ! ”
jesus answered , “ one who has dipped his bread in the same bowl with me will be the one to hand me over .
this wine is my blood , which will be poured out to forgive the sins of many and begin the new agreement from god to his people .
they all sang a song and then went out to the mount of olives .
jesus told the followers , “ tonight you will all lose your faith in me . the scriptures say ,
but after i am killed , i will rise from death . then i will go into galilee . i will be there before you go there . ”
peter answered , “ all the other followers may lose their faith in you . but my faith will never be shaken . ”
then jesus went with his followers to a place called gethsemane . he said to them , “ sit here while i go there and pray . ”
he told peter and the two sons of zebedee to come with him . then he began to be very sad and troubled .
then he went back to his followers and found them sleeping . he said to peter , “ could you men not stay awake with me for one hour ?
stay awake and pray for strength against temptation . your spirit wants to do what is right , but your body is weak . ”
then he went back to the followers . again he found them sleeping . they could not stay awake .
so he left them and went away one more time and prayed . this third time he prayed , he said the same thing .
stand up ! we must go . here comes the one who will hand me over . ”
judas planned to do something to show them which one was jesus . he said , “ the one i kiss will be jesus . arrest him . ”
so he went to jesus and said , “ hello , teacher ! ” then judas kissed him .
jesus answered , “ friend , do the thing you came to do . ”
jesus said to the man , “ put your sword back in its place . people who use swords will be killed with swords .
surely you know i could ask my father and he would give me more than twelve armies of angels .
but it must happen this way to show the truth of what the scriptures said . ”
but all these things have happened to show the full meaning of what the prophets wrote. ” then all of jesus ’ followers left him and ran away .
the men who arrested jesus led him to the house of caiaphas the high priest . the teachers of the law and the older jewish leaders were gathered there .
many people came and told lies about him . but the council could find no real reason to kill him . then two people came
and said , “ this man said , ‘ i can destroy the temple of god and build it again in three days . ’ ”
but jesus said nothing .
what do you think ? ”
then some there spit in jesus ’ face , and they hit him with their fists . others slapped him .
they said , “ show us that you are a prophet , messiah ! tell us who hit you ! ”
but peter told everyone there that this was not true . “ i don ’ t know what you are talking about , ” he said .
then he left the yard . at the gate another girl saw him and said to the people there , “ this man was with jesus of nazareth . ”
again , peter said he was never with jesus . he said , “ i swear to god i don ’ t know the man ! ”
early the next morning , all the leading priests and older leaders of the people met and decided to kill jesus .
they tied him , led him away , and handed him over to pilate , the governor .
judas said , “ i sinned . i handed over to you an innocent man to be killed . ”
so judas threw the money into the temple . then he went out from there and hanged himself .
that is why that field is still called the field of blood .
this showed the full meaning of what jeremiah the prophet said :
they used those 30 silver coins to buy the potter ’ s field , as the lord commanded me . ”
jesus stood before pilate , the governor , who asked him , “ are you the king of the jews ? ”
then , when the leading priests and the older jewish leaders made their accusations against jesus , he said nothing .
so pilate said to him , “ don ’ t you hear all these charges they are making against you ? why don ’ t you answer ? ”
but jesus did not say anything , and this really surprised the governor .
every year at passover time the governor would free one prisoner—whichever one the people wanted him to free .
at that time there was a man in prison who was known to be very bad . his name was barabbas .
pilate knew that they had handed jesus over to him because they were jealous of him .
but the leading priests and older jewish leaders told the people to ask for barabbas to be set free and for jesus to be killed .
pilate said , “ i have barabbas and jesus . which one do you want me to set free for you ? ”
pilate asked , “ so what should i do with jesus , the one called the messiah ? ”
pilate asked , “ why do you want me to kill him ? what wrong has he done ? ”
the people answered , “ we will take full responsibility for his death . you can blame us and even our children ! ”
then pilate ’ s soldiers took jesus into the governor ’ s palace . all the soldiers gathered around him .
they took off jesus ’ clothes and put a red robe on him .
they spit on him . then they took his stick and kept hitting him on the head with it .
the soldiers were going out of the city with jesus . they saw a man from cyrene named simon , and they forced him to carry jesus ’ cross .
they came to the place called golgotha . ( golgotha means “ the place of the skull . ” )
there the soldiers gave jesus some wine mixed with gall . but when he tasted it , he refused to drink it .
the soldiers nailed jesus to a cross . then they threw dice to divide his clothes between them .
the soldiers stayed there to guard him .
they put a sign above his head with the charge against him written on it : “ this is jesus , the king of the jews . ”
two criminals were nailed to crosses beside jesus—one on the right and the other on the left .
people walked by and shouted insults at jesus . they shook their heads
and in the same way , the criminals on the crosses beside jesus also insulted him .
at noon the whole country became dark . the darkness continued for three hours .
some of the people standing there heard this . they said , “ he is calling elijah . ”
but the others said , “ don ’ t bother him . we want to see if elijah will come to save him . ”
again jesus cried out loudly and then died .
the graves opened , and many of god ’ s people who had died were raised from death .
they came out of the graves . and after jesus was raised from death , they went into the holy city , and many people saw them .
many women were standing away from the cross , watching . these were the women who had followed jesus from galilee to care for him .
mary magdalene , mary the mother of james and joseph , and the mother of james and john were there .
that evening a rich man named joseph came to jerusalem . he was a follower of jesus from the town of arimathea .
he went to pilate and asked to have jesus ’ body . pilate gave orders for the soldiers to give jesus ’ body to him .
then joseph took the body and wrapped it in a new linen cloth .
mary magdalene and the other woman named mary were sitting near the tomb .
that day was the day called preparation day . the next day , the leading priests and the pharisees went to pilate .
they said , “ sir , we remember that while that liar was still alive he said , ‘ i will rise from death in three days . ’
pilate said , “ take some soldiers and go guard the tomb the best way you know . ”
the angel was shining as bright as lightning . his clothes were as white as snow .
the soldiers guarding the tomb were very afraid of the angel . they shook with fear and then became like dead men .
but he is not here . he has risen from death , as he said he would . come and see the place where his body was .
so the women left the tomb quickly . they were afraid , but they were also very happy . they ran to tell his followers what happened .
then jesus said to them , “ don ’ t be afraid . go tell my followers to go to galilee . they will see me there . ”
then the priests met with the older jewish leaders and made a plan . they paid the soldiers a lot of money
and said to them , “ tell the people that jesus ’ followers came during the night and stole the body while you were sleeping .
if the governor hears about this , we will talk to him and keep you out of trouble . ”
so the soldiers kept the money and obeyed the priests . and that story is still spread among the jews even today .
the eleven followers went to galilee , to the mountain where jesus told them to go .
on the mountain the followers saw jesus . they worshiped him . but some of the followers did not believe that it was really jesus .
so he came to them and said , “ all authority in heaven and on earth is given to me .
so go and make followers of all people in the world . baptize them in the name of the father and the son and the holy spirit .
listen , all you people !
see , the lord is leaving his place
the mountains will melt under him
this will happen because of jacob ’ s sin ,
so i will change samaria into a pile of rocks in the field ,
all her idols will be broken to pieces .
i will be very sad about what will happen .
samaria ’ s wound can not be healed .
don ’ t tell it in gath .
you people living in shaphir ,
the people living in maroth
you people living in lachish ,
so you must give goodbye gifts
you people who live in mareshah ,
so cut off your hair , make yourself bald ,
trouble will come to those who make plans to sin .
they want fields , so they take them .
that is why the lord says :
then people will sing songs about you .
so we will not be able to measure the land
the people say , “ don ’ t prophesy to us .
but people of jacob ,
but you attack my people like enemies .
you have taken nice houses
get up and leave !
these people don ’ t want to listen to me .
yes , people of jacob , i will bring all of you together .
the “ one who breaks through walls ” will push through and walk to the front of his people .
then i said , “ listen , leaders of jacob and officers of the nation of israel !
but you hate good and love evil .
you are destroying my people .
then you will pray to the lord ,
some false prophets are telling lies to the lord ’ s people . this is what the lord says about them :
“ this is why it is like night for you
the seers are ashamed .
but the lord ’ s spirit has filled me
leaders of jacob and rulers of israel , listen to me !
you build zion by murdering people .
the judges in jerusalem accept bribes
leaders , because of you , zion will be destroyed .
in the last days the mountain of the lord ’ s temple
people from many nations will go there and say ,
then god will act as judge to end arguments between people in many places .
they will sit under their own
all the people from other nations follow their own gods ,
“ the people of that ‘ crippled ’ city
and you , tower of flocks ,
now , why are you crying so loudly ?
cry out , you people of jerusalem , and feel the pain ,
many nations have come to fight against you .
they have their plans ,
“ people of jerusalem , get up and crush them !
now strong city , gather your soldiers !
but you , bethlehem ephrathah ,
the lord will let his people be defeated
he will begin to rule israel in the power of the lord .
he will bring a time of peace .
with swords in hand our leaders will defeat the assyrians
but those from jacob who are still living and scattered among the nations
those from jacob who are still living
you will lift your hand against your enemies ,
i will destroy the cities in your country .
you will no longer try to do magic .
i will destroy your statues of false gods .
i will destroy the asherah poles
some nations will not listen to me ,
now hear what the lord says :
the lord has a complaint against his people .
he says , “ my people , tell me what i did !
i will tell you what i did .
my people , remember the evil plans of balak king of moab .
what must i bring when i come to meet with the lord ?
will the lord be pleased with a thousand rams
human , the lord has told you what goodness is .
the lord shouts to the city :
do the wicked still hide treasures
some people carry special weights
the rich in that city are still cruel .
so i have begun to punish you .
you will eat , but you will not become full .
you will plant your seeds ,
this is because you obey the laws of omri .
i am upset because i am like fruit that has been gathered ,
by this i mean that all the faithful people are gone .
people are good at doing bad things with both hands .
even the best of them is as crooked
don ’ t trust your neighbor
your enemies will be the people in your own house .
so i will look to the lord for help .
i have fallen , but enemy , don ’ t laugh at me !
i sinned against the lord ,
my enemy said to me ,
the time will come when your walls will be rebuilt .
your people will come back to your land .
the land was ruined by the people
so rule your people with your rod .
i did many miracles when i took you out of egypt .
the nations will see those miracles ,
they will crawl in the dust like a snake .
there is no god like you .
he will come back and comfort us again .
god , please be true to jacob .
this book is the vision of nahum from elkosh . this is the sad message about the city of nineveh .
the lord is a jealous god .
the lord is patient ,
he will speak harshly to the sea , and it will become dry .
the lord will come ,
no one can stand against his great anger .
the lord is good .
but he will completely destroy his enemies .
why are you making plans against the lord ?
you will be destroyed completely
someone from nineveh is making evil plans against the lord .
this is what the lord said :
now i will set you free from the power of assyria .
king of assyria , the lord gave this command about you :
an enemy is coming to attack you ,
yes , the lord changed jacob ’ s pride .
the shields of his soldiers are red .
the chariots race wildly through the streets
the enemy calls for his best soldiers .
but the gates by the rivers are open ,
the enemy takes away the queen ,
nineveh is like a pool whose water
now nineveh is empty .
where is that great city now ?
the lion was able to catch plenty of food
the lord all-powerful says ,
it will be very bad for that city of murderers .
you can hear the sounds of whips
soldiers on horses are attacking ,
all this happened because of nineveh .
the lord all-powerful says ,
i will throw dirty things on you
everyone who sees you will be shocked .
ethiopia and egypt made thebes strong . libya and the sudan supported her ,
so , nineveh , you will also fall like a drunk . you will try to hide . you will look for a safe place away from the enemy .
then i prayed this prayer :
we israelites have been very bad to you . we have not obeyed the commands , rules , and laws you gave your servant moses .
“ the israelites are your servants and your people . you used your great power and rescued them .
so the king asked me , “ are you sick ? why do you look sad ? i think your heart is full of sadness . ”
then the king said to me , “ what do you want me to do ? ”
the king and the queen who was sitting next to him asked me , “ how long will your trip take ? when will you get back here ? ”
sanballat from horon and tobiah the ammonite official heard about what i was doing . they were very upset and angry that someone had come to help the israelites .
so i went up the valley in the dark , inspecting the wall . finally , i turned back and went back in through the valley gate .
the men from jericho built the wall next to the priests . and zaccur son of a man named imri built the wall next to the men of jericho .
meremoth son of uriah repaired the next section of the wall . ( uriah was the son of hakkoz . )
the men from tekoa repaired the next section of the wall , but the leaders from tekoa refused to work for nehemiah their governor .
rephaiah son of hur repaired the next section of the wall . rephaiah was the governor of half of jerusalem .
malkijah son of harim and hasshub son of pahath-moab repaired the next section . they also repaired oven tower .
shallum son of hallohesh repaired the next section of the wall . his daughters helped him . shallum was the governor of the other half of jerusalem .
their brothers repaired the next section . they worked under binnui son of henadad . binnui was the governor of the other half of the district of keilah .
the next section of walls was repaired by the priests who lived in that area .
binnui son of henadad repaired the section of wall from azariah ’ s house to the bend in the wall and then to the corner .
the temple servants lived on ophel hill . they repaired the next section all the way to the east side of the water gate and the tower near it .
the men from tekoa repaired the rest of that section from the big tower all the way to the ophel wall .
the priests repaired the section over the horse gate . each priest repaired the wall in front of his own house .
hananiah son of shelemiah and hanun son of zalaph repaired the rest of that section of wall . ( hanun was zalaph ’ s sixth son . )
the goldsmiths and the merchants repaired the section of wall from that corner to the sheep gate .
when sanballat heard that we were building the wall of jerusalem , he was very angry and upset . he started making fun of the jews .
don ’ t take away their guilt or forgive the sins they have done in your sight . they have insulted and discouraged the builders . ”
but we prayed to our god . and we put guards on the walls to watch day and night so that we could be ready to meet them .
the builders and their helpers had their tools in one hand and a weapon in the other hand .
each of the builders wore his sword at his side as he worked . the man who blew the trumpet to warn the people stayed next to me .
so if you hear the trumpet , run to that place . we will all meet together there , and our god will fight for us ! ”
many of the poor people began to complain against their fellow jews .
some of them were saying , “ we have many children . we must get some grain if we are going to eat and stay alive . ”
other people were saying , “ this is a time of famine . we have to use our fields , vineyards , and homes to pay for grain . ”
when i heard their complaints , i was very angry .
also , i regularly fed 150 jews who were always welcome at my table , and i fed those who came to us from the nations around us .
my god , remember all the good i have done for these people .
sanballat and geshem sent the same message to me four times , and i sent the same answer back to them each time .
then , the fifth time , sanballat sent his helper to me with the same message . and he had a letter in his hand that was not sealed .
this is what the letter said :
and the rumor is that you have chosen prophets to announce this about you in jerusalem : ‘ there is a king in judah ! ’
so i sent this answer back to sanballat : “ nothing you are saying is happening . you are just making all that up in your own head . ”
i knew that god had not sent shemaiah . i knew that he had prophesied against me because tobiah and sanballat had paid him to do that .
so the wall of jerusalem was completed on the 25th day of the month of elul . it had taken 52 days to finish building the wall .
also in those days after the wall had been completed , the rich people of judah were sending many letters to tobiah , and he was answering their letters .
now the city was large and there was plenty of room . but there were few people in it , and the houses had not yet been rebuilt .
the descendants of parosh 2172
the descendants of shephatiah 372
the descendants of arah 652
the descendants of pahath moab of the family line of jeshua and joab 2818
the descendants of elam 1254
the descendants of zattu 845
the descendants of zaccai 760
the descendants of binnui 648
the descendants of bebai 628
the descendants of azgad 2322
the descendants of adonikam 667
the descendants of bigvai 2067
the descendants of adin 655
the descendants of ater through the family of hezekiah 98
the descendants of hashum 328
the descendants of bezai 324
the descendants of hariph 112
the descendants of gibeon 95
from the towns of bethlehem and netophah 188
from the town of anathoth 128
from the town of beth azmaveth 42
from the towns of kiriath jearim , kephirah , and beeroth 743
from the towns of ramah and geba 621
from the town of micmash 122
from the towns of bethel and ai 123
from the other town of nebo 52
from the other town of elam 1254
from the town of harim 320
from the town of jericho 345
from the towns of lod , hadid , and ono 721
from the town of senaah 3930
these are the priests :
the descendants of immer 1052
the descendants of pashhur 1247
the descendants of harim 1017
these are the people from the tribe of levi :
these are the singers :
these are the gatekeepers :
these are the special temple servants :
keros , sia , padon ,
lebana , hagaba , shalmai ,
hanan , giddel , gahar ,
reaiah , rezin , nekoda ,
gazzam , uzza , paseah ,
besai , meunim , nephussim ,
bakbuk , hakupha , harhur ,
bazluth , mehida , harsha ,
barkos , sisera , temah ,
neziah , and hatipha .
these are the descendants of the servants of solomon :
jaala , darkon , giddel ,
shephatiah , hattil , pokereth hazzebaim , and amon ,
the temple servants and the descendants of solomon ’ s servants 392
the descendants of delaiah , tobiah , and nekoda 642
from the family of priests there were the descendants of
the governor ordered them not to eat any of the most holy food until a priest could use the urim and thummim to ask god what to do .
they had 736 horses , 245 mules , 435 camels , and 6720 donkeys .
the family leaders gave 375 pounds of gold to the treasury to support the work . they also gave 2750 pounds of silver .
all together the other people gave 375 pounds of gold , 2500 pounds of silver , and 67 pieces of clothing for the priests .
those people who were true israelites separated themselves from foreigners . the israelites stood and confessed their sins and the sins of their ancestors .
you are the lord ,
you saw he was true and loyal to you ,
you saw our ancestors suffering in egypt
you showed the miracles to pharaoh .
you split the red sea in front of them ,
with the tall cloud , you led them by day ,
then you came down to mount sinai .
you told them about your special day of rest—the sabbath .
but our ancestors became proud and stubborn .
they refused to listen .
you didn ’ t leave them even when they made golden calves and said ,
you are very kind ,
you gave them your good spirit to make them wise .
you took care of them for 40 years .
you gave them kingdoms and nations ,
and when they draw nigh unto jerusalem , unto bethphage and bethany , at the mount of olives , he sendeth two of his disciples ,
and they went away , and found a colt tied at the door without in the open street ; and they loose him .
and certain of them that stood there said unto them , what do ye , loosing the colt ?
and they said unto them even as jesus had said : and they let them go .
and they bring the colt unto jesus , and cast on him their garments ; and he sat upon him .
and many spread their garments upon the way ; and others branches , which they had cut from the fields .
and they that went before , and they that followed , cried , hosanna ; blessed is he that cometh in the name of the lord :
blessed is the kingdom that cometh , the kingdom of our father david : hosanna in the highest .
and on the morrow , when they were come out from bethany , he hungered .
and he answered and said unto it , no man eat fruit from thee henceforward for ever . and his disciples heard it .
and he would not suffer that any man should carry a vessel through the temple .
and every evening he went forth out of the city .
and as they passed by in the morning , they saw the fig tree withered away from the roots .
and peter calling to remembrance saith unto him , rabbi , behold , the fig tree which thou cursedst is withered away .
and jesus answering saith unto them , have faith in god .
therefore i say unto you , all things whatsoever ye pray and ask for , believe that ye receive them , and ye shall have them .
and whensoever ye stand praying , forgive , if ye have aught against any one ; that your father also who is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses .
and they said unto him , by what authority doest thou these things ? or who gave thee this authority to do these things ?
the baptism of john , was it from heaven , or from men ? answer me .
and they reasoned with themselves , saying , if we shall say , from heaven ; he will say , why then did ye not believe him ?
but should we say , from men—they feared the people : for all verily held john to be a prophet .
and they answered jesus and say , we know not . and jesus saith unto them , neither tell i you by what authority i do these things .
and at the season he sent to the husbandmen a servant , that he might receive from the husbandmen of the fruits of the vineyard .
and they took him , and beat him , and sent him away empty .
and again he sent unto them another servant ; and him they wounded in the head , and handled shamefully .
and he sent another ; and him they killed : and many others ; beating some , and killing some .
he had yet one , a beloved son : he sent him last unto them , saying , they will reverence my son .
but those husbandmen said among themselves , this is the heir ; come , let us kill him , and the inheritance shall be ours .
and they took him , and killed him , and cast him forth out of the vineyard .
what therefore will the lord of the vineyard do ? he will come and destroy the husbandmen , and will give the vineyard unto others .
have ye not read even this scripture :
this was from the lord ,
and they send unto him certain of the pharisees and of the herodians , that they might catch him in talk .
and they brought it . and he saith unto them , whose is this image and superscription ? and they said unto him , caesar ’ s .
and there come unto him sadducees , who say that there is no resurrection ; and they asked him , saying ,
there were seven brethren : and the first took a wife , and dying left no seed ;
and the second took her , and died , leaving no seed behind him ; and the third likewise :
and the seven left no seed . last of all the woman also died .
in the resurrection whose wife shall she be of them ? for the seven had her to wife .
jesus said unto them , is it not for this cause that ye err , that ye know not the scriptures , nor the power of god ?
for when they shall rise from the dead , they neither marry , nor are given in marriage ; but are as angels in heaven .
he is not the god of the dead , but of the living : ye do greatly err .
jesus answered , the first is , hear , o israel ; the lord our god , the lord is one :
the second is this , thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself . there is none other commandment greater than these .
and the scribe said unto him , of a truth , teacher , thou hast well said that he is one ; and there is none other but he :
and jesus answered and said , as he taught in the temple , how say the scribes that the christ is the son of david ?
david himself said in the holy spirit ,
david himself calleth him lord ; and whence is he his son ? and the common people heard him gladly .
and in his teaching he said , beware of the scribes , who desire to walk in long robes , and to have salutations in the marketplaces ,
and chief seats in the synagogues , and chief places at feasts :
they that devour widows ’ houses , and for a pretence make long prayers ; these shall receive greater condemnation .
and he sat down over against the treasury , and beheld how the multitude cast money into the treasury : and many that were rich cast in much .
and there came a poor widow , and she cast in two mites , which make a farthing .
for they all did cast in of their superfluity ; but she of her want did cast in all that she had , even all her living .
and jesus said unto him , seest thou these great buildings ? there shall not be left here one stone upon another , which shall not be thrown down .
and as he sat on the mount of olives over against the temple , peter and james and john and andrew asked him privately ,
tell us , when shall these things be ? and what shall be the sign when these things are all about to be accomplished ?
and jesus began to say unto them , take heed that no man lead you astray .
many shall come in my name , saying , i am he ; and shall lead many astray .
and the gospel must first be preached unto all the nations .
and ye shall be hated of all men for my name ’ s sake : but he that endureth to the end , the same shall be saved .
and let him that is on the housetop not go down , nor enter in , to take anything out of his house :
and let him that is in the field not return back to take his cloak .
but woe unto them that are with child and to them that give suck in those days !
and pray ye that it be not in the winter .
and then if any man shall say unto you , lo , here is the christ ; or , lo , there ; believe it not :
for there shall arise false christs and false prophets , and shall show signs and wonders , that they may lead astray , if possible , the elect .
but take ye heed : behold , i have told you all things beforehand .
but in those days , after that tribulation , the sun shall be darkened , and the moon shall not give her light ,
and the stars shall be falling from heaven , and the powers that are in the heavens shall be shaken .
and then shall they see the son of man coming in clouds with great power and glory .
even so ye also , when ye see these things coming to pass , know ye that he is nigh , even at the doors .
verily i say unto you , this generation shall not pass away , until all these things be accomplished .
heaven and earth shall pass away : but my words shall not pass away .
but of that day or that hour knoweth no one , not even the angels in heaven , neither the son , but the father .
take ye heed , watch and pray : for ye know not when the time is .
lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping .
and what i say unto you i say unto all , watch .
for they said , not during the feast , lest haply there shall be a tumult of the people .
but there were some that had indignation among themselves , saying , to what purpose hath this waste of the ointment been made ?
for this ointment might have been sold for above three hundred shillings , and given to the poor . and they murmured against her .
but jesus said , let her alone ; why trouble ye her ? she hath wrought a good work on me .
for ye have the poor always with you , and whensoever ye will ye can do them good : but me ye have not always .
she hath done what she could ; she hath anointed my body beforehand for the burying .
and judas iscariot , he that was one of the twelve , went away unto the chief priests , that he might deliver him unto them .
and they , when they heard it , were glad , and promised to give him money . and he sought how he might conveniently deliver him unto them .
and he will himself show you a large upper room furnished and ready : and there make ready for us .
and the disciples went forth , and came into the city , and found as he had said unto them : and they made ready the passover .
and when it was evening he cometh with the twelve .
they began to be sorrowful , and to say unto him one by one , is it i ?
and he said unto them , it is one of the twelve , he that dippeth with me in the dish .
and he took a cup , and when he had given thanks , he gave to them : and they all drank of it .
and he said unto them , this is my blood of the covenant , which is poured out for many .
and when they had sung a hymn , they went out unto the mount of olives .
howbeit , after i am raised up , i will go before you into galilee .
but peter said unto him , although all shall be offended , yet will not i .
but he spake exceeding vehemently , if i must die with thee , i will not deny thee . and in like manner also said they all .
and they come unto a place which was named gethsemane : and he saith unto his disciples , sit ye here , while i pray .
and he taketh with him peter and james and john , and began to be greatly amazed , and sore troubled .
and he saith unto them , my soul is exceeding sorrowful even unto death : abide ye here , and watch .
and he went forward a little , and fell on the ground , and prayed that , if it were possible , the hour might pass away from him .
and he cometh , and findeth them sleeping , and saith unto peter , simon , sleepest thou ? couldest thou not watch one hour ?
watch and pray , that ye enter not into temptation : the spirit indeed is willing , but the flesh is weak .
and again he went away , and prayed , saying the same words .
and again he came , and found them sleeping , for their eyes were very heavy ; and they knew not what to answer him .
arise , let us be going : behold , he that betrayeth me is at hand .
and when he was come , straightway he came to him , and saith , rabbi ; and kissed him .
and they laid hands on him , and took him .
but a certain one of them that stood by drew his sword , and smote the servant of the high priest , and struck off his ear .
and jesus answered and said unto them , are ye come out , as against a robber , with swords and staves to seize me ?
i was daily with you in the temple teaching , and ye took me not : but this is done that the scriptures might be fulfilled .
and they all left him , and fled .
and a certain young man followed with him , having a linen cloth cast about him , over his naked body : and they lay hold on him ;
but he left the linen cloth , and fled naked .
and they led jesus away to the high priest : and there come together with him all the chief priests and the elders and the scribes .
now the chief priests and the whole council sought witness against jesus to put him to death ; and found it not .
for many bare false witness against him , and their witness agreed not together .
and there stood up certain , and bare false witness against him , saying ,
we heard him say , i will destroy this temple that is made with hands , and in three days i will build another made without hands .
and not even so did their witness agree together .
and the high priest stood up in the midst , and asked jesus , saying , answerest thou nothing ? what is it which these witness against thee ?
and the high priest rent his clothes , and saith , what further need have we of witnesses ?
ye have heard the blasphemy : what think ye ? and they all condemned him to be worthy of death .
and as peter was beneath in the court , there cometh one of the maids of the high priest ;
and seeing peter warming himself , she looked upon him , and saith , thou also wast with the nazarene , even jesus .
but he denied , saying , i neither know , nor understand what thou sayest : and he went out into the porch ; and the cock crew .
and the maid saw him , and began again to say to them that stood by , this is one of them .
but he began to curse , and to swear , i know not this man of whom ye speak .
and pilate asked him , art thou the king of the jews ? and he answering saith unto him , thou sayest .
and the chief priests accused him of many things .
and pilate again asked him , saying , answerest thou nothing ? behold how many things they accuse thee of .
but jesus no more answered anything ; insomuch that pilate marvelled .
now at the feast he used to release unto them one prisoner , whom they asked of him .
and there was one called barabbas , lying bound with them that had made insurrection , men who in the insurrection had committed murder .
and the multitude went up and began to ask him to do as he was wont to do unto them .
and pilate answered them , saying , will ye that i release unto you the king of the jews ?
for he perceived that for envy the chief priests had delivered him up .
but the chief priests stirred up the multitude , that he should rather release barabbas unto them .
and pilate again answered and said unto them , what then shall i do unto him whom ye call the king of the jews ?
and they cried out again , crucify him .
and pilate said unto them , why , what evil hath he done ? but they cried out exceedingly , crucify him .
and pilate , wishing to content the multitude , released unto them barabbas , and delivered jesus , when he had scourged him , to be crucified .
and the soldiers led him away within the court , which is the praetorium ; and they call together the whole band .
and they clothe him with purple , and platting a crown of thorns , they put it on him ;
and they began to salute him , hail , king of the jews !
and they smote his head with a reed , and spat upon him , and bowing their knees worshipped him .
and they bring him unto the place golgotha , which is , being interpreted , the place of a skull .
and they offered him wine mingled with myrrh : but he received it not .
and they crucify him , and part his garments among them , casting lots upon them , what each should take .
and it was the third hour , and they crucified him .
and the superscription of his accusation was written over , the king of the jews .
and with him they crucify two robbers ; one on his right hand , and one on his left .
save thyself , and come down from the cross .
in like manner also the chief priests mocking him among themselves with the scribes said , he saved others ; himself he can not save .
and when the sixth hour was come , there was darkness over the whole land until the ninth hour .
and some of them that stood by , when they heard it , said , behold , he calleth elijah .
and jesus uttered a loud voice , and gave up the ghost .
and the veil of the temple was rent in two from the top to the bottom .
who , when he was in galilee , followed him , and ministered unto him ; and many other women that came up with him unto jerusalem .
and when even was now come , because it was the preparation , that is , the day before the sabbath ,
and pilate marvelled if he were already dead : and calling unto him the centurion , he asked him whether he had been any while dead .
and when he learned it of the centurion , he granted the corpse to joseph .
and mary magdalene and mary the mother of joses beheld where he was laid .
and very early on the first day of the week , they come to the tomb when the sun was risen .
and they were saying among themselves , who shall roll us away the stone from the door of the tomb ?
and looking up , they see that the stone is rolled back : for it was exceeding great .
and entering into the tomb , they saw a young man sitting on the right side , arrayed in a white robe ; and they were amazed .
but go , tell his disciples and peter , he goeth before you into galilee : there shall ye see him , as he said unto you .
now when he was risen early on the first day of the week , he appeared first to mary magdalene , from whom he had cast out seven demons .
she went and told them that had been with him , as they mourned and wept .
and they , when they heard that he was alive , and had been seen of her , disbelieved .
and after these things he was manifested in another form unto two of them , as they walked , on their way into the country .
and they went away and told it unto the rest : neither believed they them .
and he said unto them , go ye into all the world , and preach the gospel to the whole creation .
he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved ; but he that disbelieveth shall be condemned .
and these signs shall accompany them that believe : in my name shall they cast out demons ; they shall speak with new tongues ;
so then the lord jesus , after he had spoken unto them , was received up into heaven , and sat down at the right hand of god .
and they went forth , and preached everywhere , the lord working with them , and confirming the word by the signs that followed . amen .
the book of the generation of jesus christ , the son of david , the son of abraham .
abraham begat isaac ; and isaac begat jacob ; and jacob begat judah and his brethren ;
and judah begat perez and zerah of tamar ; and perez begat hezron ; and hezron begat ram ;
and ram begat amminadab ; and amminadab begat nahshon ; and nahshon begat salmon ;
and salmon begat boaz of rahab ; and boaz begat obed of ruth ; and obed begat jesse ;
and jesse begat david the king .
and solomon begat rehoboam ; and rehoboam begat abijah ; and abijah begat asa ;
and asa begat jehoshaphat ; and jehoshaphat begat joram ; and joram begat uzziah ;
and uzziah begat jotham ; and jotham begat ahaz ; and ahaz begat hezekiah ;
and hezekiah begat manasseh ; and manasseh begat amon ; and amon begat josiah ;
and josiah begat jechoniah and his brethren , at the time of the carrying away to babylon .
and after the carrying away to babylon , jechoniah begat shealtiel ; and shealtiel begat zerubbabel ;
and zerubbabel begat abiud ; and abiud begat eliakim ; and eliakim begat azor ;
and azor begat sadoc ; and sadoc begat achim ; and achim begat eliud ;
and eliud begat eleazar ; and eleazar begat matthan ; and matthan begat jacob ;
and jacob begat joseph the husband of mary , of whom was born jesus , who is called christ .
and joseph her husband , being a righteous man , and not willing to make her a public example , was minded to put her away privily .
and she shall bring forth a son ; and thou shalt call his name jesus ; for it is he that shall save his people from their sins .
now all this is come to pass , that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the lord through the prophet , saying ,
behold , the virgin shall be with child , and shall bring forth a son ,
and joseph arose from his sleep , and did as the angel of the lord commanded him , and took unto him his wife ;
and knew her not till she had brought forth a son : and he called his name jesus .
now when jesus was born in bethlehem of judaea in the days of herod the king , behold , wise-men from the east came to jerusalem , saying ,
where is he that is born king of the jews ? for we saw his star in the east , and are come to worship him .
and when herod the king heard it , he was troubled , and all jerusalem with him .
and gathering together all the chief priests and scribes of the people , he inquired of them where the christ should be born .
and they said unto him , in bethlehem of judaea : for thus it is written through the prophet ,
and thou bethlehem , land of judah ,
then herod privily called the wise-men , and learned of them exactly what time the star appeared .
and when they saw the star , they rejoiced with exceeding great joy .
and being warned of god in a dream that they should not return to herod , they departed into their own country another way .
and he arose and took the young child and his mother by night , and departed into egypt ;
then was fulfilled that which was spoken through jeremiah the prophet , saying ,
a voice was heard in ramah ,
but when herod was dead , behold , an angel of the lord appeareth in a dream to joseph in egypt , saying ,
and he arose and took the young child and his mother , and came into the land of israel .
and came and dwelt in a city called nazareth ; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophets , that he should be called a nazarene .
and in those days cometh john the baptist , preaching in the wilderness of judaea , saying ,
repent ye ; for the kingdom of heaven is at hand .
for this is he that was spoken of through isaiah the prophet , saying ,
now john himself had his raiment of camel ’ s hair , and a leathern girdle about his loins ; and his food was locusts and wild honey .
then went out unto him jerusalem , and all judaea , and all the region round about the jordan ;
and they were baptized of him in the river jordan , confessing their sins .
bring forth therefore fruit worthy of repentance :
then cometh jesus from galilee to the jordan unto john , to be baptized of him .
but john would have hindered him , saying , i have need to be baptized of thee , and comest thou to me ?
but jesus answering said unto him , suffer it now : for thus it becometh us to fulfil all righteousness . then he suffereth him .
and lo , a voice out of the heavens , saying , this is my beloved son , in whom i am well pleased .
then was jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil .
and when he had fasted forty days and forty nights , he afterward hungered .
and the tempter came and said unto him , if thou art the son of god , command that these stones become bread .
then the devil taketh him into the holy city ; and he set him on the pinnacle of the temple ,
and saith unto him , if thou art the son of god , cast thyself down : for it is written ,
jesus said unto him , again it is written , thou shalt not make trial of the lord thy god .
again , the devil taketh him unto an exceeding high mountain , and showeth him all the kingdoms of the world , and the glory of them ;
and he said unto him , all these things will i give thee , if thou wilt fall down and worship me .
then the devil leaveth him ; and behold , angels came and ministered unto him .
now when he heard that john was delivered up , he withdrew into galilee ;
and leaving nazareth , he came and dwelt in capernaum , which is by the sea , in the borders of zebulun and naphtali :
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through isaiah the prophet , saying ,
the land of zebulun and the land of naphtali ,
the people that sat in darkness
from that time began jesus to preach , and to say , repent ye ; for the kingdom of heaven is at hand .
and he saith unto them , come ye after me , and i will make you fishers of men .
and they straightway left the nets , and followed him .
and they straightway left the boat and their father , and followed him .
and there followed him great multitudes from galilee and decapolis and jerusalem and judaea and from beyond the jordan .
and seeing the multitudes , he went up into the mountain : and when he had sat down , his disciples came unto him :
and he opened his mouth and taught them , saying ,
blessed are the poor in spirit : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
blessed are they that mourn : for they shall be comforted .
blessed are the meek : for they shall inherit the earth .
blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteousness : for they shall be filled .
blessed are the merciful : for they shall obtain mercy .
blessed are the pure in heart : for they shall see god .
blessed are the peacemakers : for they shall be called sons of god .
blessed are they that have been persecuted for righteousness ’ sake : for theirs is the kingdom of heaven .
blessed are ye when men shall reproach you , and persecute you , and say all manner of evil against you falsely , for my sake .
rejoice , and be exceeding glad : for great is your reward in heaven : for so persecuted they the prophets that were before you .
ye are the light of the world . a city set on a hill can not be hid .
neither do men light a lamp , and put it under the bushel , but on the stand ; and it shineth unto all that are in the house .
even so let your light shine before men ; that they may see your good works , and glorify your father who is in heaven .
think not that i came to destroy the law or the prophets : i came not to destroy , but to fulfil .
ye have heard that it was said to them of old time , thou shalt not kill ; and whosoever shall kill shall be in danger of the judgment :
if therefore thou art offering thy gift at the altar , and there rememberest that thy brother hath aught against thee ,
leave there thy gift before the altar , and go thy way , first be reconciled to thy brother , and then come and offer thy gift .
verily i say unto thee , thou shalt by no means come out thence , till thou have paid the last farthing .
ye have heard that it was said , thou shalt not commit adultery :
but i say unto you , that every one that looketh on a woman to lust after her hath committed adultery with her already in his heart .
it was said also , whosoever shall put away his wife , let him give her a writing of divorcement :
again , ye have heard that it was said to them of old time , thou shalt not forswear thyself , but shalt perform unto the lord thine oaths :
but i say unto you , swear not at all ; neither by the heaven , for it is the throne of god ;
nor by the earth , for it is the footstool of his feet ; nor by jerusalem , for it is the city of the great king .
neither shalt thou swear by thy head , for thou canst not make one hair white or black .
but let your speech be , yea , yea ; nay , nay : and whatsoever is more than these is of the evil one .
ye have heard that it was said , an eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth :
but i say unto you , resist not him that is evil : but whosoever smiteth thee on thy right cheek , turn to him the other also .
and if any man would go to law with thee , and take away thy coat , let him have thy cloak also .
and whosoever shall compel thee to go one mile , go with him two .
give to him that asketh thee , and from him that would borrow of thee turn not thou away .
ye have heard that it was said , thou shalt love thy neighbor , and hate thine enemy :
but i say unto you , love your enemies , and pray for them that persecute you ;
for if ye love them that love you , what reward have ye ? do not even the publicans the same ?
and if ye salute your brethren only , what do ye more than others ? do not even the gentiles the same ?
ye therefore shall be perfect , as your heavenly father is perfect .
take heed that ye do not your righteousness before men , to be seen of them : else ye have no reward with your father who is in heaven .
but when thou doest alms , let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth :
that thine alms may be in secret : and thy father who seeth in secret shall recompense thee .
and in praying use not vain repetitions , as the gentiles do : for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking .
be not therefore like unto them : for your father knoweth what things ye have need of , before ye ask him .
after this manner therefore pray ye : our father who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name .
thy kingdom come . thy will be done , as in heaven , so on earth .
give us this day our daily bread .
and forgive us our debts , as we also have forgiven our debtors .
and bring us not into temptation , but deliver us from the evil one .
for if ye forgive men their trespasses , your heavenly father will also forgive you .
but if ye forgive not men their trespasses , neither will your father forgive your trespasses .
but thou , when thou fastest , anoint thy head , and wash thy face ;
lay not up for yourselves treasures upon the earth , where moth and rust consume , and where thieves break through and steal :
but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven , where neither moth nor rust doth consume , and where thieves do not break through nor steal :
for where thy treasure is , there will thy heart be also .
the lamp of the body is the eye : if therefore thine eye be single , thy whole body shall be full of light .
and which of you by being anxious can add one cubit unto the measure of his life ?
and why are ye anxious concerning raiment ? consider the lilies of the field , how they grow ; they toil not , neither do they spin :
yet i say unto you , that even solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these .
be not therefore anxious , saying , what shall we eat ? or , what shall we drink ? or , wherewithal shall we be clothed ?
for after all these things do the gentiles seek ; for your heavenly father knoweth that ye have need of all these things .
but seek ye first his kingdom , and his righteousness ; and all these things shall be added unto you .
be not therefore anxious for the morrow : for the morrow will be anxious for itself . sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof .
judge not , that ye be not judged .
for with what judgment ye judge , ye shall be judged : and with what measure ye mete , it shall be measured unto you .
and why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother ’ s eye , but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye ?
ask , and it shall be given you ; seek , and ye shall find ; knock , and it shall be opened unto you :
for every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .
or what man is there of you , who , if his son shall ask him for a loaf , will give him a stone ;
or if he shall ask for a fish , will give him a serpent ?
all things therefore whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you , even so do ye also unto them : for this is the law and the prophets .
for narrow is the gate , and straitened the way , that leadeth unto life , and few are they that find it .
beware of false prophets , who come to you in sheep ’ s clothing , but inwardly are ravening wolves .
by their fruits ye shall know them . do men gather grapes of thorns , or figs of thistles ?
even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit ; but the corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit .
a good tree can not bring forth evil fruit , neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit .
every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down , and cast into the fire .
therefore by their fruits ye shall know them .
and then will i profess unto them , i never knew you : depart from me , ye that work iniquity .
every one therefore that heareth these words of mine , and doeth them , shall be likened unto a wise man , who built his house upon the rock :
and it came to pass , when jesus had finished these words , the multitudes were astonished at his teaching :
for he taught them as one having authority , and not as their scribes .
and when he was come down from the mountain , great multitudes followed him .
and behold , there came to him a leper and worshipped him , saying , lord , if thou wilt , thou canst make me clean .
and he stretched forth his hand , and touched him , saying , i will ; be thou made clean . and straightway his leprosy was cleansed .
and when he was entered into capernaum , there came unto him a centurion , beseeching him ,
and saying , lord , my servant lieth in the house sick of the palsy , grievously tormented .
and he saith unto him , i will come and heal him .
but the sons of the kingdom shall be cast forth into the outer darkness : there shall be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
and when jesus was come into peter ’ s house , he saw his wife ’ s mother lying sick of a fever .
and he touched her hand , and the fever left her ; and she arose , and ministered unto him .
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through isaiah the prophet , saying , himself took our infirmities , and bare our diseases .
now when jesus saw great multitudes about him , he gave commandment to depart unto the other side .
and there came a scribe , and said unto him , teacher , i will follow thee whithersoever thou goest .
and another of the disciples said unto him , lord , suffer me first to go and bury my father .
but jesus saith unto him , follow me ; and leave the dead to bury their own dead .
and when he was entered into a boat , his disciples followed him .
and behold , there arose a great tempest in the sea , insomuch that the boat was covered with the waves : but he was asleep .
and they came to him , and awoke him , saying , save , lord ; we perish .
and the men marvelled , saying , what manner of man is this , that even the winds and the sea obey him ?
now there was afar off from them a herd of many swine feeding .
and the demons besought him , saying , if thou cast us out , send us away into the herd of swine .
and they that fed them fled , and went away into the city , and told everything , and what was befallen to them that were possessed with demons .
and behold , all the city came out to meet jesus : and when they saw him , they besought him that he would depart from their borders .
and he entered into a boat , and crossed over , and came into his own city .
and behold , certain of the scribes said within themselves , this man blasphemeth .
and jesus knowing their thoughts said , wherefore think ye evil in your hearts ?
for which is easier , to say , thy sins are forgiven ; or to say , arise , and walk ?
and he arose , and departed to his house .
but when the multitudes saw it , they were afraid , and glorified god , who had given such authority unto men .
and when the pharisees saw it , they said unto his disciples , why eateth your teacher with the publicans and sinners ?
but when he heard it , he said , they that are whole have no need of a physician , but they that are sick .
but go ye and learn what this meaneth , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice : for i came not to call the righteous , but sinners .
then come to him the disciples of john , saying , why do we and the pharisees fast oft , but thy disciples fast not ?
and jesus arose , and followed him , and so did his disciples .
and behold , a woman , who had an issue of blood twelve years , came behind him , and touched the border of his garment :
for she said within herself , if i do but touch his garment , i shall be made whole .
and when jesus came into the ruler ’ s house , and saw the flute-players , and the crowd making a tumult ,
he said , give place : for the damsel is not dead , but sleepeth . and they laughed him to scorn .
but when the crowd was put forth , he entered in , and took her by the hand ; and the damsel arose .
and the fame hereof went forth into all that land .
and as jesus passed by from thence , two blind men followed him , crying out , and saying , have mercy on us , thou son of david .
then touched he their eyes , saying , according to your faith be it done unto you .
and their eyes were opened . and jesus strictly charged them , saying , see that no man know it .
but they went forth , and spread abroad his fame in all that land .
and as they went forth , behold , there was brought to him a dumb man possessed with a demon .
and when the demon was cast out , the dumb man spake : and the multitudes marvelled , saying , it was never so seen in israel .
but the pharisees said , by the prince of the demons casteth he out demons .
but when he saw the multitudes , he was moved with compassion for them , because they were distressed and scattered , as sheep not having a shepherd .
then saith he unto his disciples , the harvest indeed is plenteous , but the laborers are few .
pray ye therefore the lord of the harvest , that he send forth laborers into his harvest .
philip , and bartholomew ; thomas , and matthew the publican ; james the son of alphaeus , and thaddaeus ;
simon the cananaean , and judas iscariot , who also betrayed him .
but go rather to the lost sheep of the house of israel .
and as ye go , preach , saying , the kingdom of heaven is at hand .
heal the sick , raise the dead , cleanse the lepers , cast out demons : freely ye received , freely give .
get you no gold , nor silver , nor brass in your purses ;
no wallet for your journey , neither two coats , nor shoes , nor staff : for the laborer is worthy of his food .
and into whatsoever city or village ye shall enter , search out who in it is worthy ; and there abide till ye go forth .
and as ye enter into the house , salute it .
and if the house be worthy , let your peace come upon it : but if it be not worthy , let your peace return to you .
verily i say unto you , it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom and gomorrah in the day of judgment , than for that city .
behold , i send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves : be ye therefore wise as serpents , and harmless as doves .
but beware of men : for they will deliver you up to councils , and in their synagogues they will scourge you ;
yea and before governors and kings shall ye be brought for my sake , for a testimony to them and to the gentiles .
for it is not ye that speak , but the spirit of your father that speaketh in you .
and ye shall be hated of all men for my name ’ s sake : but he that endureth to the end , the same shall be saved .
a disciple is not above his teacher , nor a servant above his lord .
fear them not therefore : for there is nothing covered , that shall not be revealed ; and hid , that shall not be known .
what i tell you in the darkness , speak ye in the light ; and what ye hear in the ear , proclaim upon the house-tops .
are not two sparrows sold for a penny ? and not one of them shall fall on the ground without your father :
but the very hairs of your head are all numbered .
fear not therefore : ye are of more value than many sparrows .
every one therefore who shall confess me before men , him will i also confess before my father who is in heaven .
but whosoever shall deny me before men , him will i also deny before my father who is in heaven .
think not that i came to send peace on the earth : i came not to send peace , but a sword .
and a man ’ s foes shall be they of his own household .
and he that doth not take his cross and follow after me , is not worthy of me .
he that findeth his life shall lose it ; and he that loseth his life for my sake shall find it .
he that receiveth you receiveth me , and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me .
and it came to pass when jesus had finished commanding his twelve disciples , he departed thence to teach and preach in their cities .
now when john heard in the prison the works of the christ , he sent by his disciples
and said unto him , art thou he that cometh , or look we for another ?
and jesus answered and said unto them , go and tell john the things which ye hear and see :
and blessed is he , whosoever shall find no occasion of stumbling in me .
but what went ye out to see ? a man clothed in soft raiment ? behold , they that wear soft raiment are in kings ’ houses .
but wherefore went ye out ? to see a prophet ? yea , i say unto you , and much more than a prophet .
this is he , of whom it is written ,
and from the days of john the baptist until now the kingdom of heaven suffereth violence , and men of violence take it by force .
for all the prophets and the law prophesied until john .
and if ye are willing to receive it , this is elijah , that is to come .
he that hath ears to hear , let him hear .
but whereunto shall i liken this generation ? it is like unto children sitting in the marketplaces , who call unto their fellows
and say , we piped unto you , and ye did not dance ; we wailed , and ye did not mourn .
for john came neither eating nor drinking , and they say , he hath a demon .
then began he to upbraid the cities wherein most of his mighty works were done , because they repented not .
but i say unto you , it shall be more tolerable for tyre and sidon in the day of judgment , than for you .
but i say unto you that it shall be more tolerable for the land of sodom in the day of judgment , than for thee .
yea , father , for so it was well-pleasing in thy sight .
come unto me , all ye that labor and are heavy laden , and i will give you rest .
take my yoke upon you , and learn of me ; for i am meek and lowly in heart : and ye shall find rest unto your souls .
for my yoke is easy , and my burden is light .
at that season jesus went on the sabbath day through the grainfields ; and his disciples were hungry and began to pluck ears and to eat .
but the pharisees , when they saw it , said unto him , behold , thy disciples do that which it is not lawful to do upon the sabbath .
but he said unto them , have ye not read what david did , when he was hungry , and they that were with him ;
or have ye not read in the law , that on the sabbath day the priests in the temple profane the sabbath , and are guiltless ?
but i say unto you , that one greater than the temple is here .
but if ye had known what this meaneth , i desire mercy , and not sacrifice , ye would not have condemned the guiltless .
for the son of man is lord of the sabbath .
and he departed thence , and went into their synagogue :
how much then is a man of more value than a sheep ! wherefore it is lawful to do good on the sabbath day .
then saith he to the man , stretch forth thy hand . and he stretched it forth ; and it was restored whole , as the other .
but the pharisees went out , and took counsel against him , how they might destroy him .
and jesus perceiving it withdrew from thence : and many followed him ; and he healed them all ,
and charged them that they should not make him known :
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through isaiah the prophet , saying ,
behold , my servant whom i have chosen ;
he shall not strive , nor cry aloud ;
a bruised reed shall he not break ,
and in his name shall the gentiles hope .
then was brought unto him one possessed with a demon , blind and dumb : and he healed him , insomuch that the dumb man spake and saw .
and all the multitudes were amazed , and said , can this be the son of david ?
but when the pharisees heard it , they said , this man doth not cast out demons , but by beelzebub the prince of the demons .
and if satan casteth out satan , he is divided against himself ; how then shall his kingdom stand ?
and if i by beelzebub cast out demons , by whom do your sons cast them out ? therefore shall they be your judges .
but if i by the spirit of god cast out demons , then is the kingdom of god come upon you .
he that is not with me is against me ; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth .
therefore i say unto you , every sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men ; but the blasphemy against the spirit shall not be forgiven .
ye offspring of vipers , how can ye , being evil , speak good things ? for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh .
the good man out of his good treasure bringeth forth good things : and the evil man out of his evil treasure bringeth forth evil things .
and i say unto you , that every idle word that men shall speak , they shall give account thereof in the day of judgment .
for by thy words thou shalt be justified , and by thy words thou shalt be condemned .
then certain of the scribes and pharisees answered him , saying , teacher , we would see a sign from thee .
but the unclean spirit , when he is gone out of the man , passeth through waterless places , seeking rest , and findeth it not .
while he was yet speaking to the multitudes , behold , his mother and his brethren stood without , seeking to speak to him .
and one said unto him , behold , thy mother and thy brethren stand without , seeking to speak to thee .
but he answered and said unto him that told him , who is my mother ? and who are my brethren ?
and he stretched forth his hand towards his disciples , and said , behold , my mother and my brethren !
for whosoever shall do the will of my father who is in heaven , he is my brother , and sister , and mother .
on that day went jesus out of the house , and sat by the sea side .
and there were gathered unto him great multitudes , so that he entered into a boat , and sat ; and all the multitude stood on the beach .
and he spake to them many things in parables , saying , behold , the sower went forth to sow ;
and as he sowed , some seeds fell by the way side , and the birds came and devoured them :
and others fell upon the rocky places , where they had not much earth : and straightway they sprang up , because they had no deepness of earth :
and when the sun was risen , they were scorched ; and because they had no root , they withered away .
and others fell upon the thorns ; and the thorns grew up and choked them :
and others fell upon the good ground , and yielded fruit , some a hundredfold , some sixty , some thirty .
he that hath ears , let him hear .
and the disciples came , and said unto him , why speakest thou unto them in parables ?
therefore speak i to them in parables ; because seeing they see not , and hearing they hear not , neither do they understand .
and unto them is fulfilled the prophecy of isaiah , which saith ,
for this people ’ s heart is waxed gross ,
but blessed are your eyes , for they see ; and your ears , for they hear .
hear then ye the parable of the sower .
and he that was sown upon the rocky places , this is he that heareth the word , and straightway with joy receiveth it ;
yet hath he not root in himself , but endureth for a while ; and when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word , straightway he stumbleth .
another parable set he before them , saying , the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man that sowed good seed in his field :
but while men slept , his enemy came and sowed tares also among the wheat , and went away .
but when the blade sprang up and brought forth fruit , then appeared the tares also .
and the servants of the householder came and said unto him , sir , didst thou not sow good seed in thy field ? whence then hath it tares ?
and he said unto them , an enemy hath done this . and the servants say unto him , wilt thou then that we go and gather them up ?
but he saith , nay ; lest haply while ye gather up the tares , ye root up the wheat with them .
all these things spake jesus in parables unto the multitudes ; and without a parable spake he nothing unto them :
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet , saying ,
and he answered and said , he that soweth the good seed is the son of man ;
and the enemy that sowed them is the devil : and the harvest is the end of the world ; and the reapers are angels .
as therefore the tares are gathered up and burned with fire ; so shall it be in the end of the world .
the son of man shall send forth his angels , and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that cause stumbling , and them that do iniquity ,
and shall cast them into the furnace of fire : there shall be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
then shall the righteous shine forth as the sun in the kingdom of their father . he that hath ears , let him hear .
again , the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that is a merchant seeking goodly pearls :
and having found one pearl of great price , he went and sold all that he had , and bought it .
again , the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net , that was cast into the sea , and gathered of every kind :
so shall it be in the end of the world : the angels shall come forth , and sever the wicked from among the righteous ,
and shall cast them into the furnace of fire : there shall be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
have ye understood all these things ? they say unto him , yea .
and it came to pass , when jesus had finished these parables , he departed thence .
and his sisters , are they not all with us ? whence then hath this man all these things ?
and he did not many mighty works there because of their unbelief .
at that season herod the tetrarch heard the report concerning jesus ,
and said unto his servants , this is john the baptist ; he is risen from the dead ; and therefore do these powers work in him .
for herod had laid hold on john , and bound him , and put him in prison for the sake of herodias , his brother philip ’ s wife .
for john said unto him , it is not lawful for thee to have her .
and when he would have put him to death , he feared the multitude , because they counted him as a prophet .
but when herod ’ s birthday came , the daughter of herodias danced in the midst , and pleased herod .
whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatsoever she should ask .
and she , being put forward by her mother , saith , give me here on a platter the head of john the baptist .
and he sent and beheaded john in the prison .
and his head was brought on a platter , and given to the damsel : and she brought it to her mother .
and his disciples came , and took up the corpse , and buried him ; and they went and told jesus .
and he came forth , and saw a great multitude , and he had compassion on them , and healed their sick .
but jesus said unto them , they have no need to go away ; give ye them to eat .
and they say unto him , we have here but five loaves , and two fishes .
and he said , bring them hither to me .
and they all ate , and were filled : and they took up that which remained over of the broken pieces , twelve baskets full .
and they that did eat were about five thousand men , besides women and children .
and straightway he constrained the disciples to enter into the boat , and to go before him unto the other side , till he should send the multitudes away .
and after he had sent the multitudes away , he went up into the mountain apart to pray : and when even was come , he was there alone .
but the boat was now in the midst of the sea , distressed by the waves ; for the wind was contrary .
and in the fourth watch of the night he came unto them , walking upon the sea .
and when the disciples saw him walking on the sea , they were troubled , saying , it is a ghost ; and they cried out for fear .
but straightway jesus spake unto them , saying , be of good cheer ; it is i ; be not afraid .
and peter answered him and said , lord , if it be thou , bid me come unto thee upon the waters .
and he said , come . and peter went down from the boat , and walked upon the waters to come to jesus .
but when he saw the wind , he was afraid ; and beginning to sink , he cried out , saying , lord , save me .
and immediately jesus stretched forth his hand , and took hold of him , and saith unto him , o thou of little faith , wherefore didst thou doubt ?
and when they were gone up into the boat , the wind ceased .
and they that were in the boat worshipped him , saying , of a truth thou art the son of god .
and when they had crossed over , they came to the land , unto gennesaret .
and when the men of that place knew him , they sent into all that region round about , and brought unto him all that were sick ;
and they besought him that they might only touch the border of his garment : and as many as touched were made whole .
then there come to jesus from jerusalem pharisees and scribes , saying ,
why do thy disciples transgress the tradition of the elders ? for they wash not their hands when they eat bread .
and he answered and said unto them , why do ye also transgress the commandment of god because of your tradition ?
for god said , honor thy father and thy mother : and , he that speaketh evil of father or mother , let him die the death .
but ye say , whosoever shall say to his father or his mother , that wherewith thou mightest have been profited by me is given to god ;
he shall not honor his father . and ye have made void the word of god because of your tradition .
ye hypocrites , well did isaiah prophesy of you , saying ,
this people honoreth me with their lips ;
but in vain do they worship me ,
and he called to him the multitude , and said unto them , hear , and understand :
not that which entereth into the mouth defileth the man ; but that which proceedeth out of the mouth , this defileth the man .
then came the disciples , and said unto him , knowest thou that the pharisees were offended , when they heard this saying ?
but he answered and said , every plant which my heavenly father planted not , shall be rooted up .
let them alone : they are blind guides . and if the blind guide the blind , both shall fall into a pit .
and peter answered and said unto him , declare unto us the parable .
and he said , are ye also even yet without understanding ?
perceive ye not , that whatsoever goeth into the mouth passeth into the belly , and is cast out into the draught ?
but the things which proceed out of the mouth come forth out of the heart ; and they defile the man .
for out of the heart come forth evil thoughts , murders , adulteries , fornications , thefts , false witness , railings :
these are the things which defile the man ; but to eat with unwashen hands defileth not the man .
and jesus went out thence , and withdrew into the parts of tyre and sidon .
but he answered her not a word . and his disciples came and besought him , saying , send her away ; for she crieth after us .
but he answered and said , i was not sent but unto the lost sheep of the house of israel .
but she came and worshipped him , saying , lord , help me .
and he answered and said , it is not meet to take the children ’ s bread and cast it to the dogs .
but she said , yea , lord : for even the dogs eat of the crumbs which fall from their masters ’ table .
and jesus departed thence , and came nigh unto the sea of galilee ; and he went up into the mountain , and sat there .
and the disciples say unto him , whence should we have so many loaves in a desert place as to fill so great a multitude ?
and jesus said unto them , how many loaves have ye ? and they said , seven , and a few small fishes .
and he commanded the multitude to sit down on the ground ;
and he took the seven loaves and the fishes ; and he gave thanks and brake , and gave to the disciples , and the disciples to the multitudes .
and they all ate , and were filled : and they took up that which remained over of the broken pieces , seven baskets full .
and they that did eat were four thousand men , besides women and children .
and he sent away the multitudes , and entered into the boat , and came into the borders of magadan .
and the pharisees and sadducees came , and trying him asked him to show them a sign from heaven .
but he answered and said unto them , when it is evening , ye say , it will be fair weather : for the heaven is red .
and the disciples came to the other side and forgot to take bread .
and jesus said unto them , take heed and beware of the leaven of the pharisees and sadducees .
and they reasoned among themselves , saying , we took no bread .
and jesus perceiving it said , o ye of little faith , why reason ye among yourselves , because ye have no bread ?
do ye not yet perceive , neither remember the five loaves of the five thousand , and how many baskets ye took up ?
neither the seven loaves of the four thousand , and how many baskets ye took up ?
how is it that ye do not perceive that i spake not to you concerning bread ? but beware of the leaven of the pharisees and sadducees .
then understood they that he bade them not beware of the leaven of bread , but of the teaching of the pharisees and sadducees .
now when jesus came into the parts of caesarea philippi , he asked his disciples , saying , who do men say that the son of man is ?
and they said , some say john the baptist ; some , elijah ; and others , jeremiah , or one of the prophets .
he saith unto them , but who say ye that i am ?
and simon peter answered and said , thou art the christ , the son of the living god .
then charged he the disciples that they should tell no man that he was the christ .
and peter took him , and began to rebuke him , saying , be it far from thee , lord : this shall never be unto thee .
then said jesus unto his disciples , if any man would come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross , and follow me .
for whosoever would save his life shall lose it : and whosoever shall lose his life for my sake shall find it .
for the son of man shall come in the glory of his father with his angels ; and then shall he render unto every man according to his deeds .
and after six days jesus taketh with him peter , and james , and john his brother , and bringeth them up into a high mountain apart :
and he was transfigured before them ; and his face did shine as the sun , and his garments became white as the light .
and behold , there appeared unto them moses and elijah talking with him .
and when the disciples heard it , they fell on their face , and were sore afraid .
and jesus came and touched them and said , arise , and be not afraid .
and lifting up their eyes , they saw no one , save jesus only .
and his disciples asked him , saying , why then say the scribes that elijah must first come ?
and he answered and said , elijah indeed cometh , and shall restore all things :
then understood the disciples that he spake unto them of john the baptist .
and when they were come to the multitude , there came to him a man , kneeling to him , and saying ,
and i brought him to thy disciples , and they could not cure him .
and jesus rebuked him ; and the demon went out of him : and the boy was cured from that hour .
then came the disciples to jesus apart , and said , why could not we cast it out ?
and while they abode in galilee , jesus said unto them , the son of man shall be delivered up into the hands of men ;
and they shall kill him , and the third day he shall be raised up . and they were exceeding sorry .
and when they were come to capernaum , they that received the half-shekel came to peter , and said , doth not your teacher pay the half-shekel ?
and when he said , from strangers , jesus said unto him , therefore the sons are free .
in that hour came the disciples unto jesus , saying , who then is greatest in the kingdom of heaven ?
and he called to him a little child , and set him in the midst of them ,
whosoever therefore shall humble himself as this little child , the same is the greatest in the kingdom of heaven .
and whoso shall receive one such little child in my name receiveth me :
even so it is not the will of your father who is in heaven , that one of these little ones should perish .
but if he hear thee not , take with thee one or two more , that at the mouth of two witnesses or three every word may be established .
for where two or three are gathered together in my name , there am i in the midst of them .
then came peter and said to him , lord , how oft shall my brother sin against me , and i forgive him ? until seven times ?
jesus saith unto him , i say not unto thee , until seven times ; but , until seventy times seven .
therefore is the kingdom of heaven likened unto a certain king , who would make a reckoning with his servants .
the servant therefore fell down and worshipped him , saying , lord , have patience with me , and i will pay thee all .
and the lord of that servant , being moved with compassion , released him , and forgave him the debt .
so his fellow-servant fell down and besought him , saying , have patience with me , and i will pay thee .
and he would not : but went and cast him into prison , till he should pay that which was due .
so when his fellow-servants saw what was done , they were exceeding sorry , and came and told unto their lord all that was done .
then his lord called him unto him , and saith to him , thou wicked servant , i forgave thee all that debt , because thou besoughtest me :
shouldest not thou also have had mercy on thy fellow-servant , even as i had mercy on thee ?
and his lord was wroth , and delivered him to the tormentors , till he should pay all that was due .
so shall also my heavenly father do unto you , if ye forgive not every one his brother from your hearts .
and it came to pass when jesus had finished these words , he departed from galilee , and came into the borders of judaea beyond the jordan ;
and great multitudes followed him ; and he healed them there .
and there came unto him pharisees , trying him , and saying , is it lawful for a man to put away his wife for every cause ?
and he answered and said , have ye not read , that he who made them from the beginning made them male and female ,
and said , for this cause shall a man leave his father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife ; and the two shall become one flesh ?
so that they are no more two , but one flesh . what therefore god hath joined together , let not man put asunder .
they say unto him , why then did moses command to give a bill of divorcement , and to put her away ?
he saith unto them , moses for your hardness of heart suffered you to put away your wives : but from the beginning it hath not been so .
the disciples say unto him , if the case of the man is so with his wife , it is not expedient to marry .
but he said unto them , not all men can receive this saying , but they to whom it is given .
then were there brought unto him little children , that he should lay his hands on them , and pray : and the disciples rebuked them .
but jesus said , suffer the little children , and forbid them not , to come unto me : for to such belongeth the kingdom of heaven .
and he laid his hands on them , and departed thence .
and behold , one came to him and said , teacher , what good thing shall i do , that i may have eternal life ?
honor thy father and thy mother ; and , thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself .
the young man saith unto him , all these things have i observed : what lack i yet ?
but when the young man heard the saying , he went away sorrowful ; for he was one that had great possessions .
and jesus said unto his disciples , verily i say unto you , it is hard for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of heaven .
and when the disciples heard it , they were astonished exceedingly , saying , who then can be saved ?
and jesus looking upon them said to them , with men this is impossible ; but with god all things are possible .
then answered peter and said unto him , lo , we have left all , and followed thee ; what then shall we have ?
but many shall be last that are first ; and first that are last .
for the kingdom of heaven is like unto a man that was a householder , who went out early in the morning to hire laborers into his vineyard .
and when he had agreed with the laborers for a shilling a day , he sent them into his vineyard .
and he went out about the third hour , and saw others standing in the marketplace idle ;
and to them he said , go ye also into the vineyard , and whatsoever is right i will give you . and they went their way .
again he went out about the sixth and the ninth hour , and did likewise .
and about the eleventh hour he went out , and found others standing ; and he saith unto them , why stand ye here all the day idle ?
they say unto him , because no man hath hired us . he saith unto them , go ye also into the vineyard .
and when they came that were hired about the eleventh hour , they received every man a shilling .
and when the first came , they supposed that they would receive more ; and they likewise received every man a shilling .
and when they received it , they murmured against the householder ,
but he answered and said to one of them , friend , i do thee no wrong : didst not thou agree with me for a shilling ?
take up that which is thine , and go thy way ; it is my will to give unto this last , even as unto thee .
is it not lawful for me to do what i will with mine own ? or is thine eye evil , because i am good ?
so the last shall be first , and the first last .
and as jesus was going up to jerusalem , he took the twelve disciples apart , and on the way he said unto them ,
and shall deliver him unto the gentiles to mock , and to scourge , and to crucify : and the third day he shall be raised up .
then came to him the mother of the sons of zebedee with her sons , worshipping him , and asking a certain thing of him .
and when the ten heard it , they were moved with indignation concerning the two brethren .
not so shall it be among you : but whosoever would become great among you shall be your minister ;
and whosoever would be first among you shall be your servant :
even as the son of man came not to be ministered unto , but to minister , and to give his life a ransom for many .
and as they went out from jericho , a great multitude followed him .
and jesus stood still , and called them , and said , what will ye that i should do unto you ?
they say unto him , lord , that our eyes may be opened .
and jesus , being moved with compassion , touched their eyes ; and straightway they received their sight , and followed him .
and when they drew nigh unto jerusalem , and came unto bethphage , unto the mount of olives , then jesus sent two disciples ,
and if any one say aught unto you , ye shall say , the lord hath need of them ; and straightway he will send them .
now this is come to pass , that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet , saying ,
tell ye the daughter of zion ,
and the disciples went , and did even as jesus appointed them ,
and brought the ass , and the colt , and put on them their garments ; and he sat thereon .
and the most part of the multitude spread their garments in the way ; and others cut branches from the trees , and spread them in the way .
and when he was come into jerusalem , all the city was stirred , saying , who is this ?
and the multitudes said , this is the prophet , jesus , from nazareth of galilee .
and he saith unto them , it is written , my house shall be called a house of prayer : but ye make it a den of robbers .
and the blind and the lame came to him in the temple ; and he healed them .
and he left them , and went forth out of the city to bethany , and lodged there .
now in the morning as he returned to the city , he hungered .
and when the disciples saw it , they marvelled , saying , how did the fig tree immediately wither away ?
and all things , whatsoever ye shall ask in prayer , believing , ye shall receive .
but if we shall say , from men ; we fear the multitude ; for all hold john as a prophet .
and they answered jesus , and said , we know not . he also said unto them , neither tell i you by what authority i do these things .
but what think ye ? a man had two sons ; and he came to the first , and said , son , go work to-day in the vineyard .
and he answered and said , i will not : but afterward he repented himself , and went .
and he came to the second , and said likewise . and he answered and said , i go , sir : and went not .
and when the season of the fruits drew near , he sent his servants to the husbandmen , to receive his fruits .
and the husbandmen took his servants , and beat one , and killed another , and stoned another .
again , he sent other servants more than the first : and they did unto them in like manner .
but afterward he sent unto them his son , saying , they will reverence my son .
and they took him , and cast him forth out of the vineyard , and killed him .
when therefore the lord of the vineyard shall come , what will he do unto those husbandmen ?
jesus saith unto them , did ye never read in the scriptures ,
therefore say i unto you , the kingdom of god shall be taken away from you , and shall be given to a nation bringing forth the fruits thereof .
and he that falleth on this stone shall be broken to pieces : but on whomsoever it shall fall , it will scatter him as dust .
and when the chief priests and the pharisees heard his parables , they perceived that he spake of them .
and when they sought to lay hold on him , they feared the multitudes , because they took him for a prophet .
and jesus answered and spake again in parables unto them , saying ,
the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a certain king , who made a marriage feast for his son ,
and sent forth his servants to call them that were bidden to the marriage feast : and they would not come .
but they made light of it , and went their ways , one to his own farm , another to his merchandise ;
and the rest laid hold on his servants , and treated them shamefully , and killed them .
but the king was wroth ; and he sent his armies , and destroyed those murderers , and burned their city .
then saith he to his servants , the wedding is ready , but they that were bidden were not worthy .
go ye therefore unto the partings of the highways , and as many as ye shall find , bid to the marriage feast .
but when the king came in to behold the guests , he saw there a man who had not on a wedding-garment :
and he saith unto him , friend , how camest thou in hither not having a wedding-garment ? and he was speechless .
for many are called , but few chosen .
then went the pharisees , and took counsel how they might ensnare him in his talk .
tell us therefore , what thinkest thou ? is it lawful to give tribute unto caesar , or not ?
but jesus perceived their wickedness , and said , why make ye trial of me , ye hypocrites ?
show me the tribute money . and they brought unto him a denarius .
and he saith unto them , whose is this image and superscription ?
and when they heard it , they marvelled , and left him , and went away .
on that day there came to him sadducees , they that say that there is no resurrection : and they asked him ,
now there were with us seven brethren : and the first married and deceased , and having no seed left his wife unto his brother ;
in like manner the second also , and the third , unto the seventh .
and after them all , the woman died .
in the resurrection therefore whose wife shall she be of the seven ? for they all had her .
but jesus answered and said unto them , ye do err , not knowing the scriptures , nor the power of god .
for in the resurrection they neither marry , nor are given in marriage , but are as angels in heaven .
but as touching the resurrection of the dead , have ye not read that which was spoken unto you by god , saying ,
and when the multitudes heard it , they were astonished at his teaching .
but the pharisees , when they heard that he had put the sadducees to silence , gathered themselves together .
and one of them , a lawyer , asked him a question , trying him :
teacher , which is the great commandment in the law ?
and he said unto him , thou shalt love the lord thy god with all thy heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy mind .
this is the great and first commandment .
and a second like unto it is this , thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself .
on these two commandments the whole law hangeth , and the prophets .
now while the pharisees were gathered together , jesus asked them a question ,
saying , what think ye of the christ ? whose son is he ? they say unto him , the son of david .
he saith unto them , how then doth david in the spirit call him lord , saying ,
the lord said unto my lord ,
if david then calleth him lord , how is he his son ?
and no one was able to answer him a word , neither durst any man from that day forth ask him any more questions .
then spake jesus to the multitudes and to his disciples ,
saying , the scribes and the pharisees sit on moses ’ seat :
all things therefore whatsoever they bid you , these do and observe : but do not ye after their works ; for they say , and do not .
but all their works they do to be seen of men : for they make broad their phylacteries , and enlarge the borders of their garments ,
and love the chief place at feasts , and the chief seats in the synagogues ,
and the salutations in the marketplaces , and to be called of men , rabbi .
but be not ye called rabbi : for one is your teacher , and all ye are brethren .
and call no man your father on the earth : for one is your father , even he who is in heaven .
neither be ye called masters : for one is your master , even the christ .
but he that is greatest among you shall be your servant .
and whosoever shall exalt himself shall be humbled ; and whosoever shall humble himself shall be exalted .
ye fools and blind : for which is greater , the gold , or the temple that hath sanctified the gold ?
and , whosoever shall swear by the altar , it is nothing ; but whosoever shall swear by the gift that is upon it , he is a debtor .
ye blind : for which is greater , the gift , or the altar that sanctifieth the gift ?
he therefore that sweareth by the altar , sweareth by it , and by all things thereon .
and he that sweareth by the temple , sweareth by it , and by him that dwelleth therein .
and he that sweareth by the heaven , sweareth by the throne of god , and by him that sitteth thereon .
ye blind guides , that strain out the gnat , and swallow the camel !
thou blind pharisee , cleanse first the inside of the cup and of the platter , that the outside thereof may become clean also .
even so ye also outwardly appear righteous unto men , but inwardly ye are full of hypocrisy and iniquity .
woe unto you , scribes and pharisees , hypocrites ! for ye build the sepulchres of the prophets , and garnish the tombs of the righteous ,
and say , if we had been in the days of our fathers , we should not have been partakers with them in the blood of the prophets .
wherefore ye witness to yourselves , that ye are sons of them that slew the prophets .
fill ye up then the measure of your fathers .
ye serpents , ye offspring of vipers , how shall ye escape the judgment of hell ?
verily i say unto you , all these things shall come upon this generation .
behold , your house is left unto you desolate .
for i say unto you , ye shall not see me henceforth , till ye shall say , blessed is he that cometh in the name of the lord .
and jesus went out from the temple , and was going on his way ; and his disciples came to him to show him the buildings of the temple .
and jesus answered and said unto them , take heed that no man lead you astray .
for many shall come in my name , saying , i am the christ ; and shall lead many astray .
for nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom ; and there shall be famines and earthquakes in divers places .
but all these things are the beginning of travail .
then shall they deliver you up unto tribulation , and shall kill you : and ye shall be hated of all the nations for my name ’ s sake .
and then shall many stumble , and shall deliver up one another , and shall hate one another .
and many false prophets shall arise , and shall lead many astray .
and because iniquity shall be multiplied , the love of the many shall wax cold .
but he that endureth to the end , the same shall be saved .
and this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in the whole world for a testimony unto all the nations ; and then shall the end come .
then let them that are in judaea flee unto the mountains :
let him that is on the housetop not go down to take out the things that are in his house :
and let him that is in the field not return back to take his cloak .
but woe unto them that are with child and to them that give suck in those days !
and pray ye that your flight be not in the winter , neither on a sabbath :
for then shall be great tribulation , such as hath not been from the beginning of the world until now , no , nor ever shall be .
and except those days had been shortened , no flesh would have been saved : but for the elect ’ s sake those days shall be shortened .
then if any man shall say unto you , lo , here is the christ , or , here ; believe it not .
behold , i have told you beforehand .
for as the lightning cometh forth from the east , and is seen even unto the west ; so shall be the coming of the son of man .
wheresoever the carcase is , there will the eagles be gathered together .
even so ye also , when ye see all these things , know ye that he is nigh , even at the doors .
verily i say unto you , this generation shall not pass away , till all these things be accomplished .
heaven and earth shall pass away , but my words shall not pass away .
but of that day and hour knoweth no one , not even the angels of heaven , neither the son , but the father only .
and as were the days of noah , so shall be the coming of the son of man .
and they knew not until the flood came , and took them all away ; so shall be the coming of the son of man .
then shall two men be in the field ; one is taken , and one is left :
two women shall be grinding at the mill ; one is taken , and one is left .
watch therefore : for ye know not on what day your lord cometh .
therefore be ye also ready ; for in an hour that ye think not the son of man cometh .
who then is the faithful and wise servant , whom his lord hath set over his household , to give them their food in due season ?
blessed is that servant , whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing .
verily i say unto you , that he will set him over all that he hath .
but if that evil servant shall say in his heart , my lord tarrieth ;
and shall begin to beat his fellow-servants , and shall eat and drink with the drunken ;
the lord of that servant shall come in a day when he expecteth not , and in an hour when he knoweth not ,
and shall cut him asunder , and appoint his portion with the hypocrites : there shall be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
then shall the kingdom of heaven be likened unto ten virgins , who took their lamps , and went forth to meet the bridegroom .
and five of them were foolish , and five were wise .
for the foolish , when they took their lamps , took no oil with them :
but the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps .
now while the bridegroom tarried , they all slumbered and slept .
but at midnight there is a cry , behold , the bridegroom ! come ye forth to meet him .
then all those virgins arose , and trimmed their lamps .
and the foolish said unto the wise , give us of your oil ; for our lamps are going out .
afterward came also the other virgins , saying , lord , lord , open to us .
but he answered and said , verily i say unto you , i know you not .
watch therefore , for ye know not the day nor the hour .
for it is as when a man , going into another country , called his own servants , and delivered unto them his goods .
straightway he that received the five talents went and traded with them , and made other five talents .
in like manner he also that received the two gained other two .
but he that received the one went away and digged in the earth , and hid his lord ’ s money .
now after a long time the lord of those servants cometh , and maketh a reckoning with them .
and he also that received the two talents came and said , lord , thou deliveredst unto me two talents : lo , i have gained other two talents .
and i was afraid , and went away and hid thy talent in the earth : lo , thou hast thine own .
thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the bankers , and at my coming i should have received back mine own with interest .
take ye away therefore the talent from him , and give it unto him that hath the ten talents .
and cast ye out the unprofitable servant into the outer darkness : there shall be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth .
but when the son of man shall come in his glory , and all the angels with him , then shall he sit on the throne of his glory :
and before him shall be gathered all the nations : and he shall separate them one from another , as the shepherd separateth the sheep from the goats ;
and he shall set the sheep on his right hand , but the goats on the left .
naked , and ye clothed me ; i was sick , and ye visited me ; i was in prison , and ye came unto me .
then shall the righteous answer him , saying , lord , when saw we thee hungry , and fed thee ? or athirst , and gave thee drink ?
and when saw we thee a stranger , and took thee in ? or naked , and clothed thee ?
and when saw we thee sick , or in prison , and came unto thee ?
for i was hungry , and ye did not give me to eat ; i was thirsty , and ye gave me no drink ;
and these shall go away into eternal punishment : but the righteous into eternal life .
and it came to pass , when jesus had finished all these words , he said unto his disciples ,
ye know that after two days the passover cometh , and the son of man is delivered up to be crucified .
then were gathered together the chief priests , and the elders of the people , unto the court of the high priest , who was called caiaphas ;
and they took counsel together that they might take jesus by subtlety , and kill him .
but they said , not during the feast , lest a tumult arise among the people .
now when jesus was in bethany , in the house of simon the leper ,
there came unto him a woman having an alabaster cruse of exceeding precious ointment , and she poured it upon his head , as he sat at meat .
but when the disciples saw it , they had indignation , saying , to what purpose is this waste ?
for this ointment might have been sold for much , and given to the poor .
but jesus perceiving it said unto them , why trouble ye the woman ? for she hath wrought a good work upon me .
for ye have the poor always with you ; but me ye have not always .
for in that she poured this ointment upon my body , she did it to prepare me for burial .
then one of the twelve , who was called judas iscariot , went unto the chief priests ,
and said , what are ye willing to give me , and i will deliver him unto you ? and they weighed unto him thirty pieces of silver .
and from that time he sought opportunity to deliver him unto them .
now on the first day of unleavened bread the disciples came to jesus , saying , where wilt thou that we make ready for thee to eat the passover ?
and the disciples did as jesus appointed them ; and they made ready the passover .
now when even was come , he was sitting at meat with the twelve disciples ;
and as they were eating , he said , verily i say unto you , that one of you shall betray me .
and they were exceeding sorrowful , and began to say unto him every one , is it i , lord ?
and he answered and said , he that dipped his hand with me in the dish , the same shall betray me .
and judas , who betrayed him , answered and said , is it i , rabbi ? he saith unto him , thou hast said .
and he took a cup , and gave thanks , and gave to them , saying , drink ye all of it ;
for this is my blood of the covenant , which is poured out for many unto remission of sins .
and when they had sung a hymn , they went out into the mount of olives .
but after i am raised up , i will go before you into galilee .
but peter answered and said unto him , if all shall be offended in thee , i will never be offended .
jesus said unto him , verily i say unto thee , that this night , before the cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice .
peter saith unto him , even if i must die with thee , yet will i not deny thee . likewise also said all the disciples .
then cometh jesus with them unto a place called gethsemane , and saith unto his disciples , sit ye here , while i go yonder and pray .
and he took with him peter and the two sons of zebedee , and began to be sorrowful and sore troubled .
then saith he unto them , my soul is exceeding sorrowful , even unto death : abide ye here , and watch with me .
and he cometh unto the disciples , and findeth them sleeping , and saith unto peter , what , could ye not watch with me one hour ?
watch and pray , that ye enter not into temptation : the spirit indeed is willing , but the flesh is weak .
and he came again and found them sleeping , for their eyes were heavy .
and he left them again , and went away , and prayed a third time , saying again the same words .
arise , let us be going : behold , he is at hand that betrayeth me .
now he that betrayed him gave them a sign , saying , whomsoever i shall kiss , that is he : take him .
and straightway he came to jesus , and said , hail , rabbi ; and kissed him .
and jesus said unto him , friend , do that for which thou art come . then they came and laid hands on jesus , and took him .
then saith jesus unto him , put up again thy sword into its place : for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword .
or thinkest thou that i can not beseech my father , and he shall even now send me more than twelve legions of angels ?
how then should the scriptures be fulfilled , that thus it must be ?
but all this is come to pass , that the scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled . then all the disciples left him , and fled .
and they that had taken jesus led him away to the house of caiaphas the high priest , where the scribes and the elders were gathered together .
but peter followed him afar off , unto the court of the high priest , and entered in , and sat with the officers , to see the end .
now the chief priests and the whole council sought false witness against jesus , that they might put him to death ;
and they found it not , though many false witnesses came . but afterward came two ,
and said , this man said , i am able to destroy the temple of god , and to build it in three days .
and the high priest stood up , and said unto him , answerest thou nothing ? what is it which these witness against thee ?
what think ye ? they answered and said , he is worthy of death .
then did they spit in his face and buffet him : and some smote him with the palms of their hands ,
saying , prophesy unto us , thou christ : who is he that struck thee ?
now peter was sitting without in the court : and a maid came unto him , saying , thou also wast with jesus the galilaean .
but he denied before them all , saying , i know not what thou sayest .
and again he denied with an oath , i know not the man .
then began he to curse and to swear , i know not the man . and straightway the cock crew .
and peter remembered the word which jesus had said , before the cock crow , thou shalt deny me thrice . and he went out , and wept bitterly .
now when morning was come , all the chief priests and the elders of the people took counsel against jesus to put him to death :
and they bound him , and led him away , and delivered him up to pilate the governor .
saying , i have sinned in that i betrayed innocent blood . but they said , what is that to us ? see thou to it .
and he cast down the pieces of silver into the sanctuary , and departed ; and he went away and hanged himself .
and they took counsel , and bought with them the potter ’ s field , to bury strangers in .
wherefore that field was called , the field of blood , unto this day .
and they gave them for the potter ’ s field , as the lord appointed me .
and when he was accused by the chief priests and elders , he answered nothing .
then saith pilate unto him , hearest thou not how many things they witness against thee ?
and he gave him no answer , not even to one word : insomuch that the governor marvelled greatly .
now at the feast the governor was wont to release unto the multitude one prisoner , whom they would .
and they had then a notable prisoner , called barabbas .
when therefore they were gathered together , pilate said unto them , whom will ye that i release unto you ? barabbas , or jesus who is called christ ?
for he knew that for envy they had delivered him up .
now the chief priests and the elders persuaded the multitudes that they should ask for barabbas , and destroy jesus .
but the governor answered and said unto them , which of the two will ye that i release unto you ? and they said , barabbas .
pilate saith unto them , what then shall i do unto jesus who is called christ ? they all say , let him be crucified .
and he said , why , what evil hath he done ? but they cried out exceedingly , saying , let him be crucified .
and all the people answered and said , his blood be on us , and on our children .
then released he unto them barabbas ; but jesus he scourged and delivered to be crucified .
then the soldiers of the governor took jesus into the praetorium , and gathered unto him the whole band .
and they stripped him , and put on him a scarlet robe .
and they spat upon him , and took the reed and smote him on the head .
and when they had mocked him , they took off from him the robe , and put on him his garments , and led him away to crucify him .
and when they were come unto a place called golgotha , that is to say , the place of a skull ,
they gave him wine to drink mingled with gall : and when he had tasted it , he would not drink .
and when they had crucified him , they parted his garments among them , casting lots ;
and they sat and watched him there .
and they set up over his head his accusation written , this is jesus the king of the jews .
then are there crucified with him two robbers , one on the right hand and one on the left .
and they that passed by railed on him , wagging their heads ,
in like manner also the chief priests mocking him , with the scribes and elders , said ,
he trusteth on god ; let him deliver him now , if he desireth him : for he said , i am the son of god .
and the robbers also that were crucified with him cast upon him the same reproach .
now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour .
and some of them that stood there , when they heard it , said , this man calleth elijah .
and the rest said , let be ; let us see whether elijah cometh to save him .
and jesus cried again with a loud voice , and yielded up his spirit .
and the tombs were opened ; and many bodies of the saints that had fallen asleep were raised ;
and coming forth out of the tombs after his resurrection they entered into the holy city and appeared unto many .
and many women were there beholding from afar , who had followed jesus from galilee , ministering unto him :
among whom was mary magdalene , and mary the mother of james and joses , and the mother of the sons of zebedee .
and when even was come , there came a rich man from arimathaea , named joseph , who also himself was jesus ’ disciple :
this man went to pilate , and asked for the body of jesus . then pilate commanded it to be given up .
and joseph took the body , and wrapped it in a clean linen cloth ,
and mary magdalene was there , and the other mary , sitting over against the sepulchre .
now on the morrow , which is the day after the preparation , the chief priests and the pharisees were gathered together unto pilate ,
saying , sir , we remember that that deceiver said while he was yet alive , after three days i rise again .
pilate said unto them , ye have a guard : go , make it as sure as ye can .
so they went , and made the sepulchre sure , sealing the stone , the guard being with them .
his appearance was as lightning , and his raiment white as snow :
and for fear of him the watchers did quake , and became as dead men .
and the angel answered and said unto the women , fear not ye ; for i know that ye seek jesus , who hath been crucified .
he is not here ; for he is risen , even as he said . come , see the place where the lord lay .
and they departed quickly from the tomb with fear and great joy , and ran to bring his disciples word .
and behold , jesus met them , saying , all hail . and they came and took hold of his feet , and worshipped him .
then saith jesus unto them , fear not : go tell my brethren that they depart into galilee , and there shall they see me .
and when they were assembled with the elders , and had taken counsel , they gave much money unto the soldiers ,
saying , say ye , his disciples came by night , and stole him away while we slept .
and if this come to the governor ’ s ears , we will persuade him , and rid you of care .
so they took the money , and did as they were taught : and this saying was spread abroad among the jews , and continueth until this day .
but the eleven disciples went into galilee , unto the mountain where jesus had appointed them .
and when they saw him , they worshipped him ; but some doubted .
and jesus came to them and spake unto them , saying , all authority hath been given unto me in heaven and on earth .
go ye therefore , and make disciples of all the nations , baptizing them into the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit :
teaching them to observe all things whatsoever i commanded you : and lo , i am with you always , even unto the end of the world .
for , behold , jehovah cometh forth out of his place , and will come down , and tread upon the high places of the earth .
for her wounds are incurable ; for it is come even unto judah ; it reacheth unto the gate of my people , even to jerusalem .
tell it not in gath , weep not at all : at beth-le-aphrah have i rolled myself in the dust .
for the inhabitant of maroth waiteth anxiously for good , because evil is come down from jehovah unto the gate of jerusalem .
therefore shalt thou give a parting gift to moresheth-gath : the houses of achzib shall be a deceitful thing unto the kings of israel .
i will yet bring unto thee , o inhabitant of mareshah , him that shall possess thee : the glory of israel shall come even unto adullam .
therefore thou shalt have none that shall cast the line by lot in the assembly of jehovah .
prophesy ye not , thus they prophesy . they shall not prophesy to these : reproaches shall not depart .
the women of my people ye cast out from their pleasant houses ; from their young children ye take away my glory for ever .
arise ye , and depart ; for this is not your resting-place ; because of uncleanness that destroyeth , even with a grievous destruction .
ye who hate the good , and love the evil ; who pluck off their skin from off them , and their flesh from off their bones ;
they build up zion with blood , and jerusalem with iniquity .
for all the peoples walk every one in the name of his god ; and we will walk in the name of jehovah our god for ever and ever .
and now many nations are assembled against thee , that say , let her be defiled , and let our eye see our desire upon zion .
but they know not the thoughts of jehovah , neither understand they his counsel ; for he hath gathered them as the sheaves to the threshing-floor .
let thy hand be lifted up above thine adversaries , and let all thine enemies be cut off .
and i will cut off the cities of thy land , and will throw down all thy strongholds .
and i will cut off witchcrafts out of thy hand ; and thou shalt have no more soothsayers :
and i will cut off thy graven images and thy pillars out of the midst of thee ; and thou shalt no more worship the work of thy hands ;
and i will pluck up thine asherim out of the midst of thee ; and i will destroy thy cities .
and i will execute vengeance in anger and wrath upon the nations which hearkened not .
hear ye now what jehovah saith : arise , contend thou before the mountains , and let the hills hear thy voice .
o my people , what have i done unto thee ? and wherein have i wearied thee ? testify against me .
wherewith shall i come before jehovah , and bow myself before the high god ? shall i come before him with burnt-offerings , with calves a year old ?
the voice of jehovah crieth unto the city , and the man of wisdom will see thy name : hear ye the rod , and who hath appointed it .
are there yet treasures of wickedness in the house of the wicked , and a scant measure that is abominable ?
shall i be pure with wicked balances , and with a bag of deceitful weights ?
for the rich men thereof are full of violence , and the inhabitants thereof have spoken lies , and their tongue is deceitful in their mouth .
therefore i also have smitten thee with a grievous wound ; i have made thee desolate because of thy sins .
trust ye not in a neighbor ; put ye not confidence in a friend ; keep the doors of thy mouth from her that lieth in thy bosom .
but as for me , i will look unto jehovah ; i will wait for the god of my salvation : my god will hear me .
a day for building thy walls ! in that day shall the decree be far removed .
yet shall the land be desolate because of them that dwell therein , for the fruit of their doings .
as in the days of thy coming forth out of the land of egypt will i show unto them marvellous things .
the nations shall see and be ashamed of all their might ; they shall lay their hand upon their mouth ; their ears shall be deaf .
he will again have compassion upon us ; he will tread our iniquities under foot ; and thou wilt cast all their sins into the depths of the sea .
thou wilt perform the truth to jacob , and the lovingkindness to abraham , which thou hast sworn unto our fathers from the days of old .
the burden of nineveh . the book of the vision of nahum the elkoshite .
