0	john baptized people with water , but in a few days you will be baptized with the holy spirit . ”
0	the apostles were all together . they asked jesus , “ lord , is this the time for you to give the people of israel their kingdom again ? ”
0	jesus said to them , “ the father is the only one who has the authority to decide dates and times . they are not for you to know .
0	they were staring into the sky where he had gone . suddenly two men wearing white clothes were standing beside them .
0	then the apostles went back to jerusalem from the mount of olives . this mountain is about a half mile from jerusalem .
0	after a few days there was a meeting of the believers . there were about 120 of them . peter stood up and said ,
0	peter said , “ in the book of psalms , this is written about judas :
0	they put two men before the group . one was joseph barsabbas . he was also called justus . the other man was matthias .
0	when the day of pentecost came , they were all together in one place .
0	suddenly a noise came from heaven . it sounded like a strong wind blowing . this noise filled the whole house where they were sitting .
0	they saw something that looked like flames of fire . the flames were separated and stood over each person there .
0	they were all filled with the holy spirit , and they began to speak different languages . the holy spirit was giving them the power to do this .
0	there were some godly jews in jerusalem at this time . they were from every country in the world .
0	a large crowd came together because they heard the noise . they were surprised because , as the apostles were speaking , everyone heard in their own language .
0	but we hear them in our own languages . how is this possible ? we are from all these different places :
0	parthia , media , elam , mesopotamia , judea , cappadocia , pontus , asia ,
0	phrygia , pamphylia , egypt , the areas of libya near the city of cyrene , rome ,
0	the people were all amazed and confused . they asked each other , “ what is happening ? ”
0	but others were laughing at the apostles , saying they were drunk from too much wine .
0	these men are not drunk as you think ; it ’ s only nine o ’ clock in the morning .
0	but joel the prophet wrote about what you see happening here today . this is what he wrote :
0	‘ god says : in the last days
0	in those days i will pour out my spirit
0	i will work wonders in the sky above .
0	the sun will be changed into darkness ,
0	and everyone who trusts in the lord will be saved . ’
0	jesus suffered the pain of death , but god made him free . he raised him from death . there was no way for death to hold him .
0	david said this about him :
0	so my heart is happy ,
0	because you will not leave me in the place of death .
0	you taught me how to live .
0	david knew this before it happened . that is why he said this about that future king :
0	so jesus is the one god raised from death . we are all witnesses of this . we saw him .
0	david was not the one who was lifted up to heaven . david himself said ,
0	until i put your enemies under your power . ’
0	when the people heard this , they felt very , very sorry . they asked peter and the other apostles , “ brothers , what should we do ? ”
0	peter warned them with many other words ; he begged them , “ save yourselves from the evil of the people who live now ! ”
0	then those who accepted what peter said were baptized . on that day about 3000 people were added to the group of believers .
0	the believers spent their time listening to the teaching of the apostles . they shared everything with each other . they ate together and prayed together .
0	many wonders and miraculous signs were happening through the apostles , and everyone felt great respect for god .
0	all the believers stayed together and shared everything .
0	they sold their land and the things they owned . then they divided the money and gave it to those who needed it .
0	that day he saw peter and john going into the temple area . he asked them for money .
0	peter and john looked at the crippled man and said , “ look at us ! ”
0	he looked at them ; he thought they would give him some money .
0	then peter took the man ’ s right hand and lifted him up . immediately his feet and legs became strong .
0	the man was holding on to peter and john . all the people were amazed . they ran to peter and john at solomon ’ s porch .
0	jesus was holy and good , but you said you did not want him . you told pilate to give you a murderer instead of jesus .
0	and so you killed the one who gives life ! but god raised him from death . we are witnesses of this—we saw it with our own eyes .
0	so you must change your hearts and lives . come back to god , and he will forgive your sins .
0	then the lord will give you times of spiritual rest . he will send you jesus , the one he chose to be the messiah .
0	and anyone who refuses to obey that prophet will die , separated from god ’ s people . ’
0	“ samuel , and all the other prophets who spoke for god after samuel , said that this time would come .
0	the jewish leaders arrested peter and john and put them in jail . it was already night , so they kept them in jail until the next day .
0	but many of the people who heard the apostles believed what they said . there were now about 5000 men in the group of believers .
0	the next day the jewish rulers , the older jewish leaders , and the teachers of the law met in jerusalem .
0	annas the high priest , caiaphas , john , and alexander were there . everyone from the high priest ’ s family was there .
0	then peter was filled with the holy spirit and said to them , “ rulers of the people and you older leaders ,
0	are you questioning us today about what we did to help this crippled man ? are you asking us what made him well ?
0	they saw the crippled man standing there beside the apostles . they saw that he was healed , so they could say nothing against the apostles .
0	the jewish leaders told them to leave the council meeting . then the leaders talked to each other about what they should do .
0	but we must make them afraid to talk to anyone again using that name . then this problem will not spread among the people . ”
0	so the jewish leaders called peter and john in again . they told the apostles not to say anything or to teach anything in the name of jesus .
0	but peter and john answered them , “ what do you think is right ? what would god want ? should we obey you or god ?
0	we can not be quiet . we must tell people about what we have seen and heard . ”
0	our ancestor david was your servant . with the help of the holy spirit he wrote these words :
0	‘ the kings of the earth prepare themselves to fight ,
0	these people who came together against jesus made your plan happen . it was done because of your power and your will .
0	with great power the apostles were making it known to everyone that the lord jesus was raised from death . and god blessed all the believers very much .
0	none of them could say they needed anything . everyone who owned fields or houses sold them . they brought the money they got
0	and gave it to the apostles . then everyone was given whatever they needed .
0	joseph sold a field he owned . he brought the money and gave it to the apostles .
0	there was a man named ananias . his wife ’ s name was sapphira . ananias sold some land he had ,
0	about three hours later his wife came in . sapphira did not know about what had happened to her husband .
0	peter said to her , “ tell me how much money you got for your field . was it this much ? ”
0	the whole church and all the other people who heard about this were filled with fear .
0	none of the other people dared to stand with the apostles , but everyone was saying wonderful things about them .
0	more and more people believed in the lord , and many men and women were added to the group of believers .
0	people came from all the towns around jerusalem . they brought those who were sick or troubled by evil spirits . all of them were healed .
0	the high priest and all his friends , a group called the sadducees , became very jealous .
0	they grabbed the apostles and put them in jail .
0	but during the night , an angel of the lord opened the doors of the jail . the angel led the apostles outside and said ,
0	“ go and stand in the temple area . tell the people everything about this new life . ”
0	when the apostles heard this , they did what they were told . they went into the temple area about sunrise and began to teach the people .
0	when the men went to the jail , they could not find the apostles there . so they went back and told the jewish leaders about this .
0	the captain of the temple guards and the leading priests heard this . they were confused and wondered what it all meant .
0	then another man came and told them , “ listen ! the men you put in jail are standing in the temple area teaching the people . ”
0	the soldiers brought the apostles in and made them stand before the council . the high priest questioned them .
0	peter and the other apostles answered , “ we must obey god , not you !
0	you killed jesus by nailing him to a cross . but god , the same god our fathers had , raised jesus up from death .
0	when the council members heard this , they became very angry . they began to plan a way to kill the apostles .
0	then he said to them , “ men of israel , be careful of what you are planning to do to these men .
0	and so now i tell you , stay away from these men . leave them alone . if their plan is something they thought up , it will fail .
0	but if it is from god , you will not be able to stop them . you might even be fighting against god himself ! ”
0	they called the apostles in again . they beat them and told them not to speak anymore using the name of jesus . then they let them go free .
0	the apostles left the council meeting . they were happy because they were given the honor of suffering dishonor for jesus .
0	the twelve apostles called the whole group of followers together .
0	then we can use all our time to pray and to teach the word of god . ”
0	then they put these men before the apostles , who prayed and laid their hands on them .
0	stephen received a great blessing . god gave him power to do great wonders and miraculous signs among the people .
0	but the spirit was helping him speak with wisdom . his words were so strong that these jews could not argue with him .
0	so they told some men to say , “ we heard stephen say bad things against moses and against god ! ”
0	we heard him say that jesus from nazareth will destroy this place and change what moses told us to do . ”
0	everyone there in the council meeting was staring at stephen . they saw that his face looked like the face of an angel .
0	the high priest said to stephen , “ is all this true ? ”
0	god said to him , ‘ leave your country and your people , and go to the country i will show you . ’
0	“ these ancestors of ours became jealous of their brother joseph and sold him to be a slave in egypt . but god was with him
0	“ but jacob heard that there was food in egypt . so he sent our people there . this was their first trip to egypt .
0	then they went there a second time . this time joseph told his brothers who he was . and pharaoh learned about joseph ’ s family .
0	then joseph sent some men to tell jacob , his father , to come to egypt . he also invited all his relatives , a total of 75 people .
0	so jacob went down to egypt . he and our other ancestors lived there until they died .
0	then a different king began to rule egypt , one who knew nothing about joseph .
0	this king tricked our people . he treated them badly , making them leave their children outside to die .
0	“ this was the time when moses was born . he was a very beautiful child , and for three months his parents took care of him at home .
0	when they put him outside , pharaoh ’ s daughter took him . she raised him as her own son .
0	the egyptians taught moses everything they knew . he was powerful in all he said and did .
0	“ when moses was about 40 years old , he decided to visit his own people , the people of israel .
0	moses thought that his people would understand that god was using him to save them . but they did not understand .
0	the man who was hurting the other one pushed moses away and said to him , ‘ did anyone say you could be our ruler and judge ?
0	will you kill me just as you killed that egyptian yesterday ? ’
0	“ forty years later moses was in the desert near mount sinai . an angel appeared to him in the flame of a burning bush .
0	when moses saw this , he was amazed . he went near to look closer at it . he heard a voice ; it was the lord ’ s .
0	“ the lord said to him , ‘ take off your sandals , because the place where you are now standing is holy ground .
0	“ but our ancestors did not want to obey moses . they rejected him . they wanted to go back to egypt again .
0	you carried with you the tent for worshiping moloch
0	god was very pleased with david . he asked god to let him build a temple for the people of jacob .
0	but solomon was the one who built the temple .
0	“ but the most high god does not live in houses built by human hands . this is what the prophet writes :
0	‘ the lord says , heaven is my throne ,
0	remember , i made all these things ! ’ ”
0	you are the people who received god ’ s law , which he gave you through his angels . but you don ’ t obey it ! ”
0	when those in the council meeting heard this , they became very angry . they were so mad they were grinding their teeth at him .
0	stephen said , “ look ! i see heaven open . and i see the son of man standing at god ’ s right side . ”
0	everyone there started shouting loudly , covering their ears with their hands . together they all ran at stephen .
0	as they were throwing the stones at him , stephen was praying . he said , “ lord jesus , receive my spirit ! ”
0	he fell on his knees and shouted , “ lord , don ’ t blame them for this sin ! ” these were his last words before he died .
0	saul agreed that the killing of stephen was a good thing . some godly men buried stephen and cried loudly for him .
0	they were scattered everywhere , and in every place they went , they told people the good news .
0	philip went to the city of samaria and told people about the messiah .
0	the people there heard philip and saw the miraculous signs he was doing . they all listened carefully to what he said .
0	what a happy day this was for that city !
0	simon amazed the people with his magic for so long that the people became his followers .
0	but philip told the people the good news about god ’ s kingdom and the power of jesus christ . men and women believed philip and were baptized .
0	the apostles in jerusalem heard that the people of samaria had accepted the word of god . so they sent peter and john to the people in samaria .
0	when peter and john arrived , they prayed for the samaritan believers to receive the holy spirit .
0	when the two apostles laid their hands on the people , they received the holy spirit .
0	simon saw that the spirit was given to people when the apostles laid their hands on them . so he offered the apostles money .
0	he said , “ give me this power so that when i lay my hands on someone , they will receive the holy spirit . ”
0	peter said to simon , “ you and your money should both be destroyed because you thought you could buy god ’ s gift with money .
0	you can not share with us in this work . your heart is not right before god .
0	change your heart ! turn away from these evil thoughts and pray to the lord . maybe he will forgive you .
0	i see that you are full of bitter jealousy and can not stop yourself from doing wrong . ”
0	simon answered , “ both of you pray to the lord for me , so that what you have said will not happen to me . ”
0	now he was on his way home . he was sitting in his chariot reading from the book of isaiah the prophet .
0	the spirit said to philip , “ go to that chariot and stay near it . ”
0	the part of the scriptures that he was reading was this :
0	he was shamed , and all his rights were taken away .
0	the official said to philip , “ please , tell me , who is the prophet talking about ? is he talking about himself or about someone else ? ”
0	philip began to speak . he started with this same scripture and told the man the good news about jesus .
0	then the official ordered the chariot to stop . both philip and the official went down into the water , and philip baptized him .
0	in jerusalem saul was still trying to scare the followers of the lord , even saying he would kill them . he went to the high priest
0	so saul went to damascus . when he came near the city , a very bright light from heaven suddenly shined around him .
0	he fell to the ground and heard a voice saying to him , “ saul , saul ! why are you persecuting me ? ”
0	saul said , “ who are you , lord ? ”
0	get up now and go into the city . someone there will tell you what you must do . ”
0	the men traveling with saul just stood there , unable to speak . they heard the voice , but they saw no one .
0	for three days , saul could not see ; he did not eat or drink .
0	there was a follower of jesus in damascus named ananias . in a vision the lord said to him , “ ananias ! ”
0	he has seen a vision in which a man named ananias came and laid his hands on him so that he could see again . ”
0	now he has come here to damascus . the leading priests have given him the power to arrest all people who trust in you . ”
0	i will show him all that he must suffer for me . ”
0	immediately , something that looked like fish scales fell off saul ’ s eyes . he was able to see ! then he got up and was baptized .
0	after he ate , he began to feel strong again .
0	soon he began to go to the synagogues and tell people about jesus . he told the people , “ jesus is the son of god ! ”
0	after many days , some jews made plans to kill saul .
0	they were watching the city gates day and night . they wanted to kill saul , but he learned about their plan .
0	and so saul stayed with the followers and went all around jerusalem speaking boldly for the lord .
0	he often had arguments with the greek-speaking jews , who began making plans to kill him .
0	when the believers learned about this , they took saul to caesarea , and from there they sent him to the city of tarsus .
0	peter was traveling through all the areas around jerusalem , and he stopped to visit the believers who lived in lydda .
0	there he met a man named aeneas , who was paralyzed and had not been able to get out of bed for the past eight years .
0	peter said to him , “ aeneas , jesus christ heals you . get up and make your bed ! ” he stood up immediately .
0	all the people living in lydda and on the plain of sharon saw him , and they decided to follow the lord .
0	while peter was in lydda , tabitha became sick and died . they washed her body and put it in an upstairs room .
0	people everywhere in joppa learned about this , and many believed in the lord .
0	peter stayed in joppa for many days at the home of a man named simon , who was a leatherworker .
0	in the city of caesarea there was a man named cornelius , a roman army officer in what was called the italian unit .
0	one afternoon about three o ’ clock , cornelius had a vision . he clearly saw an angel from god coming to him and saying , “ cornelius ! ”
0	staring at the angel and feeling afraid , cornelius said , “ what do you want , sir ? ”
0	send some men now to the city of joppa to get a man named simon , who is also called peter .
0	he is staying with someone also named simon , a leatherworker who has a house beside the sea . ”
0	cornelius explained everything to these three men and sent them to joppa .
0	the next day they were coming near joppa about noon , when peter was going up to the roof to pray .
0	he was hungry and wanted to eat . but while they were preparing the food for peter to eat , he had a vision .
0	he saw something coming down through the open sky . it looked like a big sheet being lowered to the ground by its four corners .
0	in it were all kinds of animals , reptiles , and birds .
0	then a voice said to him , “ get up , peter ; kill anything here and eat it . ”
0	but the voice said to him again , “ god has made these things pure . don ’ t say they are unfit to eat . ”
0	this happened three times . then the whole thing was taken back up into heaven .
0	peter wondered what this vision meant .
0	they asked , “ is simon peter staying here ? ”
0	while peter was still thinking about the vision , the spirit said to him , “ listen , three men are looking for you .
0	get up and go downstairs . go with these men without wondering if it ’ s all right , because i sent them . ”
0	so peter went downstairs and said to them , “ i think i ’ m the man you are looking for . why did you come here ? ”
0	peter asked the men to come in and stay for the night .
0	the next day they came to the city of caesarea . cornelius was waiting for them and had already gathered his relatives and close friends at his house .
0	when peter entered the house , cornelius met him . he fell down at peter ’ s feet and worshiped him .
0	but peter told him to get up . peter said , “ stand up ! i am only a man like you . ”
0	peter continued talking with cornelius . then peter went inside and saw a large group of people gathered there .
0	that ’ s why i didn ’ t argue when your men asked me to come here . now , please tell me why you sent for me . ”
0	he said , ‘ cornelius , god has heard your prayer and has seen your gifts to the poor . he remembers you and all you have done .
0	peter began to speak : “ i really understand now that god does not consider some people to be better than others .
0	he accepts anyone who worships him and does what is right . it is not important what nation they come from .
0	god has spoken to the people of israel . he sent them the good news that peace has come through jesus christ , the lord of all people .
0	“ you know what has happened all over judea . it began in galilee after john told the people they needed to be baptized .
0	“ we saw all that jesus did in judea and in jerusalem . but he was killed . they put him on a cross made of wood .
0	but on the third day after his death , god raised him to life and let him be seen openly .
0	everyone who believes in jesus will have their sins forgiven through his name . all the prophets agree that this is true . ”
0	while peter was still speaking these words , the holy spirit came down on all those who were listening to his speech .
0	the jewish believers who came with peter were amazed that the holy spirit had been poured out as a gift also to people who were not jews .
0	they heard them speaking different languages and praising god . then peter said ,
0	“ how can anyone object to these people being baptized in water ? they have received the holy spirit the same as we did ! ”
0	the apostles and the believers in judea heard that non-jewish people had accepted god ’ s teaching too .
0	but when peter came to jerusalem , some jewish believers argued with him .
0	they said , “ you went into the homes of people who are not jews and are not circumcised , and you even ate with them ! ”
0	so peter explained the whole story to them .
0	and i looked inside . i saw all kinds of animals , including wild ones , as well as reptiles and birds .
0	i heard a voice say to me , ‘ get up , peter . kill anything here and eat it ! ’
0	“ but the voice from heaven answered again , ‘ god has made these things pure . don ’ t say they are unfit to eat ! ’
0	“ this happened three times . then the whole thing was taken back into heaven .
0	suddenly there were three men standing outside the house where i was staying . they had been sent from caesarea to get me .
0	he will speak to you , and what he tells you will save you and everyone living in your house . ’
0	“ after i began speaking , the holy spirit came on them just as he came on us at the beginning .
0	then i remembered the words of the lord jesus : ‘ john baptized people in water , but you will be baptized in the holy spirit . ’
0	the lord was helping these men , and a large number of people believed and decided to follow the lord .
0	when the church in jerusalem heard about this , they sent barnabas to antioch .
0	then barnabas went to the city of tarsus to look for saul .
0	about that same time some prophets went from jerusalem to antioch .
0	the lord ’ s followers decided that they would each send as much as they could to help their brothers and sisters who lived in judea .
0	they gathered the money and gave it to barnabas and saul , who took it to the elders in judea .
0	during this same time , king herod began to do harm to some of those who were part of the church .
0	he ordered james , the brother of john , to be killed with a sword .
0	herod saw that many of the jews liked this , so he decided to arrest peter too . this happened during the festival of unleavened bread .
0	so peter was kept in jail , but the church was constantly praying to god for him .
0	so the angel went out and peter followed . he did not know if the angel was really doing this . he thought he might be seeing a vision .
0	peter knocked on the outside door . a servant girl named rhoda came to answer it .
0	but peter continued to knock . when the believers opened the door , they saw him . they were amazed .
0	the next day the soldiers were very upset . they wondered what happened to peter .
0	herod looked everywhere for him but could not find him . so he questioned the guards and then ordered that they be killed .
0	the people shouted , “ this is the voice of a god , not a man ! ”
0	the message of god was spreading , reaching more and more people .
0	after barnabas and saul finished their work in jerusalem , they returned to antioch , taking john mark with them .
0	so the church fasted and prayed . they laid their hands on barnabas and saul and sent them out .
0	barnabas and saul were sent out by the holy spirit . they went to the city of seleucia . then they sailed from there to the island of cyprus .
0	when barnabas and saul came to the city of salamis , they told the message of god in the jewish synagogues . john mark was with them to help .
0	they went across the whole island to the city of paphos . there they met a jewish man named barjesus who did magic . he was a false prophet .
0	but the magician elymas ( as barjesus was called in greek ) spoke against them , trying to stop the governor from believing in jesus .
0	but saul ( also known as paul ) , filled with the holy spirit , looked hard at elymas
0	when the governor saw this , he believed . he was amazed at the teaching about the lord .
0	they continued their trip from perga and went to antioch , a city near pisidia .
0	and he was patient with them for 40 years in the desert .
0	god destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan and gave their land to his people .
0	all this happened in about 450 years .
0	“ as he promised , god has brought one of david ’ s descendants to israel to be their savior . that descendant is jesus .
0	they could not find any real reason why jesus should die , but they asked pilate to kill him .
0	but god raised him up from death !
0	after this , for many days , those who had gone with jesus from galilee to jerusalem saw him . they are now his witnesses to our people .
0	“ we tell you the good news about the promise god made to our ancestors .
0	god raised jesus from death . jesus will never go back to the grave and become dust . so god said ,
0	but in another psalm it says ,
0	but the one god raised from death did not rot in the grave .
0	so be careful ! don ’ t let what the prophets said happen to you :
0	‘ listen , you people who doubt !
0	as paul and barnabas were leaving the synagogue , the people asked them to come again on the next sabbath day and tell them more about these things .
0	on the next sabbath day , almost all the people in the city came together to hear the word of the lord .
0	when the jews there saw all these people , they became very jealous . shouting insults , they argued against everything paul said .
0	this is what the lord told us to do :
0	and so the message of the lord was being told throughout the whole country .
0	so paul and barnabas shook the dust off their feet . then they went to the city of iconium .
0	but the lord ’ s followers in antioch were happy and filled with the holy spirit .
0	but some of the jews did not believe . they said things that caused the non-jewish people to be angry and turn against the believers .
0	when paul and barnabas learned about this , they left the city . they went to lystra and derbe , cities in lycaonia , and to the surrounding areas .
0	they told the good news there too .
0	in lystra there was a man who had something wrong with his feet . he had been born crippled and had never walked .
0	he was sitting and listening to paul speak . paul looked straight at him and saw that the man believed god could heal him .
0	so paul shouted , “ stand up on your feet ! ” the man jumped up and began walking around .
0	the people began to call barnabas “ zeus , ” and they called paul “ hermes , ” because he was the main speaker .
0	“ in the past god let all the nations do what they wanted .
0	even after saying all this , paul and barnabas still could hardly stop the people from offering sacrifices to them .
0	paul and barnabas went through the country of pisidia . then they came to the country of pamphylia .
0	they told people the message of god in the city of perga , and then they went down to the city of attalia .
0	and they stayed there a long time with the lord ’ s followers .
0	then the apostles and the elders gathered to study this problem .
0	to god , those people are not different from us . when they believed , god made their hearts pure .
0	no , we believe that we and these people will be saved the same way—by the grace of the lord jesus . ”
0	when they finished speaking , james said , “ my brothers , listen to me .
0	simon peter has told us how god showed his love for the non-jewish people . for the first time , god accepted them and made them his people .
0	the words of the prophets agree with this too :
0	‘ i will return after this .
0	then the rest of the world will look for the lord god—
0	‘ all this has been known from the beginning of time . ’
0	“ so i think we should not make things hard for those who have turned to god from among the non-jewish people .
0	instead , we should send a letter telling them only the things they should not do :
0	the group sent the letter with these men . the letter said :
0	we have all agreed to choose some men and send them to you . they will be with our dear friends , barnabas and paul .
0	barnabas and paul have given their lives to serve our lord jesus christ .
0	so we have sent judas and silas with them . they will tell you the same things .
0	we agree with the holy spirit that you should have no more burdens , except for these necessary things :
0	don ’ t eat food that has been given to idols .
0	so paul , barnabas , judas , and silas left jerusalem and went to antioch . there they gathered the group of believers together and gave them the letter .
0	when the believers read it , they were happy . the letter comforted them .
0	judas and silas , who were also prophets , said many things to encourage the believers and make them stronger in their faith .
0	but paul and barnabas stayed in antioch . they and many others taught the believers and told other people the good news about the lord .
0	barnabas wanted to bring john mark with them too .
0	paul chose silas to go with him . the believers in antioch put paul into the lord ’ s care and sent him out .
0	paul and silas went through the countries of syria and cilicia , helping the churches grow stronger .
0	the believers in the cities of lystra and iconium had only good things to say about him .
0	so the churches were becoming stronger in their faith , and the number of believers was growing every day .
0	when they reached the border of mysia , they tried to go on into bithynia , but the spirit of jesus did not let them go there .
0	so they passed by mysia and went to the city of troas .
0	we left troas in a ship and sailed to the island of samothrace . the next day we sailed to the city of neapolis .
0	then we went to philippi , a roman colony and the leading city in that part of macedonia . we stayed there for a few days .
0	they brought paul and silas before the roman officials and said , “ these men are jews , and they are making trouble in our city .
0	they are telling people to do things that are not right for us as romans to do . ”
0	the whole crowd turned against paul and silas . the officials tore the clothes off both men and ordered that they be beaten with rods .
0	they were beaten severely and thrown into jail . the officials told the jailer , “ guard them very carefully ! ”
0	when the jailer heard this special order , he put paul and silas far inside the jail and bound their feet between large blocks of wood .
0	about midnight paul and silas were praying and singing songs to god . the other prisoners were listening to them .
0	but paul shouted , “ don ’ t hurt yourself ! we are all here ! ”
0	the jailer told someone to bring a light . then he ran inside and , shaking with fear , fell down in front of paul and silas .
0	then he brought them outside and said , “ men , what must i do to be saved ? ”
0	they said to him , “ believe in the lord jesus and you will be saved—you and all who live in your house . ”
0	so paul and silas told the message of the lord to the jailer and all the people who lived in his house .
0	it was late at night , but the jailer took paul and silas and washed their wounds . then the jailer and all his people were baptized .
0	after this the jailer took paul and silas home and gave them some food . all the people were very happy because they now believed in god .
0	the next morning the roman officials sent some soldiers to tell the jailer , “ let these men go free . ”
0	the jailer said to paul , “ the officials have sent these soldiers to let you go free . you can leave now . go in peace . ”
0	the soldiers told the officials what paul said . when they heard that paul and silas were roman citizens , they were afraid .
0	so they came and told them they were sorry . they led them out of the jail and asked them to leave the city .
0	paul and silas traveled through the cities of amphipolis and apollonia . they came to the city of thessalonica , where there was a jewish synagogue .
0	jason is keeping them in his house . they all do things against the laws of caesar . they say there is another king called jesus . ”
0	when the city leaders and the other people heard this , they became very upset .
0	they made jason and the other believers deposit money to guarantee that there would be no more trouble . then they let them go .
0	that same night the believers sent paul and silas to another city named berea . when they arrived there , they went to the jewish synagogue .
0	the result was that many of them believed , including many important greek women and men .
0	so the believers immediately sent paul away to the coast , but silas and timothy stayed in berea .
0	while paul was waiting for silas and timothy in athens , he was upset because he saw that the city was full of idols .
0	some of the epicurean and some of the stoic philosophers argued with him .
0	they took paul to a meeting of the areopagus council . they said , “ please explain to us this new idea that you have been teaching .
0	the things you are saying are new to us . we have never heard this teaching before , and we want to know what it means . ”
0	( the people of athens and the foreigners who lived there spent all their time either telling or listening to all the latest ideas . )
0	then paul stood up before the meeting of the areopagus council and said , “ men of athens , everything i see here tells me you are very religious .
0	in the past people did not understand god , and he overlooked this . but now he is telling everyone in the world to change and turn to him .
0	so paul left the council meeting .
0	later , paul left athens and went to the city of corinth .
0	they were tentmakers , the same as paul , so he stayed with them and worked with them .
0	every sabbath day paul went to the synagogue and talked with both jews and greeks , trying to persuade them to believe in jesus .
0	i am with you , and no one will be able to hurt you . many of my people are in this city . ”
0	paul stayed there for a year and a half teaching god ’ s message to the people .
0	during the time that gallio was the governor of achaia , some of the jews came together against paul . they took him to court .
0	they said to gallio , “ this man is teaching people to worship god in a way that is against our law ! ”
0	so gallio made them leave the court .
0	then they all grabbed sosthenes , the leader of the synagogue . they beat him before the court . but this did not bother gallio .
0	they asked him to stay longer , but he refused .
0	he left them and said , “ i will come back to you again if god wants me to. ” and so he sailed away from ephesus .
0	when paul arrived at caesarea , he went to jerusalem and visited the church there . after that he went to antioch .
0	a jew named apollos came to ephesus . born in the city of alexandria , he was an educated man who knew the scriptures well .
0	he asked them , “ did you receive the holy spirit when you believed ? ”
0	paul asked them , “ so what kind of baptism did you have ? ”
0	when these followers heard this , they were baptized in the name of the lord jesus .
0	then paul laid his hands on them , and the holy spirit came on them . they began speaking different languages and prophesying .
0	there were about twelve men in this group .
0	he did this for two years . because of this work , everyone in asia , jews and greeks , heard the word of the lord .
0	god used paul to do some very special miracles .
0	but one time an evil spirit said to these jews , “ i know jesus , and i know about paul , but who are you ? ”
0	all the people in ephesus , jews and greeks , learned about this . they were all filled with fear and gave great honor to the lord jesus .
0	many of the believers began to confess , telling about all the evil things they had done .
0	some of them had used magic . these believers brought their magic books and burned them before everyone . these books were worth about 50,000 silver coins .
0	this is how the word of the lord was spreading in a powerful way , causing more and more people to believe .
0	timothy and erastus were two of his helpers . paul sent them ahead to macedonia . but he stayed in asia for a while .
0	but during that time there was some trouble in ephesus about the way . this is how it all happened :
0	when the men heard this , they became very angry . they shouted , “ great is artemis , the goddess of ephesus ! ”
0	paul wanted to go in and talk to the people , but the lord ’ s followers did not let him go .
0	also , some leaders of the country who were friends of paul sent him a message telling him not to go into the stadium .
0	no one can deny this , so you should be quiet . you must stop and think before you do anything else .
0	“ you brought these men here , but they have not said anything bad against our goddess . they have not stolen anything from her temple .
0	“ is there something else you want to talk about ? then come to the regular town meeting of the people . it can be decided there .
0	after the city clerk said this , he told the people to go home .
0	when the trouble stopped , paul invited the lord ’ s followers to come visit him . after encouraging them , he told them goodbye and left for macedonia .
0	on his way through macedonia he had many words of encouragement for the followers in various places . then he went to greece
0	and stayed there three months .
0	these men went first , ahead of paul . they waited for us in the city of troas .
0	we sailed from the city of philippi after the festival of unleavened bread . we met these men in troas five days later and stayed there seven days .
0	we were all together in a room upstairs , and there were many lights in the room .
0	the lord ’ s followers took eutychus home alive , and they were all greatly comforted .
0	when he caught up with us at assos , we took him on board , and we all sailed to mitylene .
0	in miletus paul sent a message back to ephesus , telling the elders of the church in ephesus to come to him .
0	i always did what was best for you . i told you the good news about jesus in public before the people and also taught in your homes .
0	i told everyone—jewish and non-jewish people—to change and turn to god . i told them all to believe in our lord jesus .
0	“ but now i must obey the spirit and go to jerusalem . i don ’ t know what will happen to me there .
0	i know only that in every city the holy spirit tells me that troubles and even jail wait for me .
0	so today i can tell you one thing that i am sure of : god will not blame me if some of you are not saved .
0	i can say this because i know that i told you everything that god wants you to know .
0	i know that after i leave , some men will come into your group . they will be like wild wolves and will try to destroy the flock .
0	when i was with you , i never wanted anyone ’ s money or fine clothes .
0	you know that i always worked to take care of my own needs and the needs of the people who were with me .
0	when paul finished speaking , he knelt down , and they all prayed together .
0	there we found a ship that was going to the area of phoenicia . we got on the ship and sailed away .
0	and said goodbye . then we got on the ship , and the followers went home .
0	we continued our trip from tyre and went to the city of ptolemais . we greeted the believers there and stayed with them one day .
0	he had four unmarried daughters who had the gift of prophesying .
0	after we had been there for several days , a prophet named agabus came from judea .
0	when we heard this , we and the other followers there begged paul not to go to jerusalem .
0	after this , we got ready and left for jerusalem .
0	the brothers and sisters in jerusalem were very happy to see us .
0	the next day paul went with us to visit james , and all the elders were there .
0	after greeting them , paul told them point by point all that god had used him to do among the non-jewish people .
0	“ what should we do ? the jewish believers here will learn that you have come .
0	so we will tell you what to do : four of our men have made a vow to god .
0	“ in regard to the non-jewish believers , we have already sent a letter to them saying what we think they should do :
0	while they were trying to kill paul , the commander of the roman army in jerusalem got word that the whole city was in a state of riot .
0	when the soldiers were ready to take paul into the army building , he asked the commander , “ can i say something to you ? ”
0	paul said , “ my brothers and fathers , listen to me ! i will make my defense to you . ”
0	when the jews heard paul speaking aramaic , they became very quiet . then paul said ,
0	i persecuted the people who followed the way . some of them were killed because of me . i arrested men and women and put them in jail .
0	i fell to the ground and heard a voice saying to me , ‘ saul , saul , why are you persecuting me ? ’
0	“ i asked , ‘ who are you , lord ? ’ the voice said , ‘ i am jesus from nazareth , the one you are persecuting . ’
0	the men who were with me did not understand the voice , but they saw the light .
0	i could not see , because the bright light had made me blind . so the men led me into damascus .
0	he came to me and said , ‘ saul , my brother , look up and see again ! ’ immediately i was able to see him .
0	you will be his witness to all people . you will tell them what you have seen and heard .
0	now , don ’ t wait any longer . get up , be baptized and wash away your sins , trusting in jesus to save you . ’
0	“ later , i came back to jerusalem . i was praying in the temple area , and i saw a vision .
0	“ but jesus said to me , ‘ leave now . i will send you far away to the non-jewish people . ’ ”
0	they kept on shouting , ripping off their clothes and throwing dust into the air .
0	the commander came to paul and said , “ tell me , are you really a roman citizen ? ”
0	the commander said , “ i paid a lot of money to become a roman citizen . ”
0	ananias , the high priest , was there . when he heard this , he told the men who were standing near paul to hit him in the mouth .
0	the men standing near paul said to him , “ are you sure you want to insult god ’ s high priest like that ? ”
0	when paul said this , a big argument started between the pharisees and the sadducees . the group was divided .
0	( the sadducees believe that after people die , they will not live again as an angel or as a spirit . but the pharisees believe in both . )
0	there were more than 40 of them who made this plan .
0	but paul ’ s nephew heard about this plan . he went to the army building and told paul .
0	then paul called one of the army officers and said to him , “ take this young man to the commander . he has a message for him . ”
0	the commander led the young man to a place where they could be alone . the commander asked , “ what do you want to tell me ? ”
0	the commander sent the young man away , telling him , “ don ’ t tell anyone that you have told me about their plan . ”
0	get some horses for paul to ride so that he can be taken to governor felix safely . ”
0	the commander wrote a letter that said :
0	i wanted to know why they were accusing him . so i brought him before their council meeting .
0	the soldiers did what they were told . they got paul and took him to the city of antipatris that night .
0	the next day the soldiers on horses went with paul to caesarea , but the other soldiers and the spearmen went back to the army building in jerusalem .
0	the soldiers on horses entered caesarea , gave the letter to governor felix , and then turned paul over to him .
0	the governor read the letter and asked paul , “ what country are you from ? ” the governor learned that paul was from cilicia .
0	paul was called into the meeting , and tertullus began to make his accusations .
0	but i don ’ t want to take any more of your time . so i will say only a few words . please be patient .
0	this man is a troublemaker . he causes trouble with the jews everywhere in the world . he is a leader of the nazarene group .
0	the other jews agreed and said it was all true .
0	i went to worship in jerusalem only twelve days ago . you can learn for yourself that this is true .
0	these men can not prove the things they are saying against me now .
0	i have the same hope in god that these jews have—the hope that all people , good and bad , will be raised from death .
0	this is why i always try to do what i believe is right before god and before everyone .
0	ask these men here if they found any wrong in me when i stood before the high council meeting in jerusalem .
0	felix told the army officer to keep paul guarded but to give him some freedom and to let his friends bring whatever he needed .
0	but felix had another reason for talking with paul . he hoped paul would pay him a bribe , so he sent for paul often and talked with him .
0	but after two years , porcius festus became governor . so felix was no longer governor . but he left paul in prison to please the jews .
0	festus became governor , and three days later he went from caesarea to jerusalem .
0	the leading priests and the important jewish leaders made charges against paul before festus .
0	they asked festus to do them a favor . they wanted him to send paul back to jerusalem because they had a plan to kill paul on the way .
0	but festus answered , “ no , paul will be kept in caesarea . i will be going there soon myself ,
0	and your leaders can go with me . if this man has really done anything wrong , they can accuse him there . ”
0	paul defended himself , saying , “ i have done nothing wrong against the jewish law , against the temple , or against caesar . ”
0	festus talked about this with his advisors . then he said , “ you have asked to see caesar , so you will go to caesar ! ”
0	a few days later king agrippa and bernice came to caesarea to visit festus .
0	when i went to jerusalem , the leading priests and the older jewish leaders there made charges against him . they wanted me to order his death .
0	the jews stood up and accused him . but they did not accuse him of the kind of crimes i thought they would .
0	their charges were all about their own religion and about a man named jesus . jesus died , but paul said that he is still alive .
0	agrippa said to festus , “ i would like to hear this man too . ”
0	i think it is foolish to send a prisoner to caesar without making some charges against him . ”
0	agrippa said to paul , “ you may now speak to defend yourself. ” paul raised his hand to get their attention and began to speak .
0	he said , “ king agrippa , i feel fortunate that i can stand here before you today and answer all the charges these jews have made against me .
0	“ all the jews know about my whole life . they know the way i lived from the beginning in my own country and later in jerusalem .
0	now i am on trial because i hope for the promise that god made to our fathers .
0	why do you people think it is impossible for god to raise people from death ?
0	“ i used to think that i should do everything i could against jesus from nazareth .
0	“ one time the leading priests gave me permission and the authority to go to the city of damascus .
0	“ i said , ‘ who are you , lord ? ’
0	i will keep you safe from your own people and from the non-jewish people , the ones i am sending you to .
0	paul continued speaking : “ king agrippa , after i had this vision from heaven , i obeyed it .
0	“ this is why the jews grabbed me and were trying to kill me at the temple .
0	while paul was still defending himself , festus shouted , “ paul , you are out of your mind ! too much study has made you crazy . ”
0	paul said , “ most honorable festus , i am not crazy . what i am saying is true . it all makes perfect sense .
0	king agrippa , do you believe what the prophets wrote ? i know you believe ! ”
0	king agrippa said to paul , “ do you think you can persuade me to become a ‘ christ-follower ’ so easily ? ”
0	king agrippa , governor festus , bernice , and all the people sitting with them stood up
0	and agrippa said to festus , “ we could let him go free , but he has asked to see caesar . ”
0	we left that city and sailed close to the island of cyprus because the wind was blowing against us .
0	we went across the sea by cilicia and pamphylia . then we came to the city of myra in lycia .
0	there the army officer found a ship from the city of alexandria that was going to italy . so he put us on it .
0	we sailed along the coast , but the sailing was hard . then we came to a place called safe harbors , near the city of lasea .
0	we had lost much time , and it was now dangerous to sail , because it was already after the jewish day of fasting . so paul warned them ,
0	but the captain and the owner of the ship did not agree with paul . so the army officer accepted what they said instead of believing paul .
0	but then a very strong wind called the “ northeaster ” came from across the island .
0	this wind took the ship and carried it away . the ship could not sail against the wind , so we stopped trying and let the wind blow us .
0	the next day the storm was blowing against us so hard that the men threw some things out of the ship .
0	a day later they threw out the ship ’ s equipment .
0	but now i tell you to be happy . none of you will die , but the ship will be lost .
0	last night an angel came to me from god—the god i worship and belong to .
0	so men , there is nothing to worry about . i trust god , and i am sure everything will happen just as his angel told me .
0	but we will crash on an island . ”
0	on the fourteenth night we were still being blown around in the adriatic sea . the sailors thought we were close to land .
0	the sailors were afraid that we would hit the rocks , so they threw four anchors into the water . then they prayed for daylight to come .
0	so the soldiers cut the ropes and let the lifeboat fall into the water .
0	now i beg you to eat something . you need it to stay alive . none of you will lose even one hair off your heads . ”
0	after he said this , paul took some bread and thanked god for it before all of them . he broke off a piece and began eating .
0	all the men felt better and started eating too .
0	( there were 276 people on the ship . )
0	we ate all we wanted . then we began making the ship lighter by throwing the grain into the sea .
0	the soldiers decided to kill the prisoners so that none of the prisoners could swim away and escape .
0	the others used wooden boards or pieces of the ship . and this is how all the people went safely to land .
0	when we were safe on land , we learned that the island was called malta .
0	the people who lived there were very good to us . it was raining and very cold , so they built a fire and welcomed all of us .
0	but paul shook the snake off into the fire and was not hurt .
0	after this happened , all the other sick people on the island came to paul , and he healed them too .
0	we stopped at the city of syracuse . we stayed there three days and then left .
0	we found some believers there , who asked us to stay with them a week . finally , we came to rome .
0	when we came to rome , paul was allowed to live alone . but a soldier stayed with him to guard him .
0	they asked me many questions , but they could not find any reason why i should be put to death . so they wanted to let me go free .
0	that is why i wanted to see you and talk with you . i am bound with this chain because i believe in the hope of israel . ”
0	we want to hear your ideas . we know that people everywhere are speaking against this new group . ”
0	some of the jews believed what he said , but others did not believe .
0	‘ go to this people and tell them :
0	yes , the minds of these people are now closed .
0	“ i want you jews to know that god has sent his salvation to the non-jewish people . they will listen ! ”
0	paul stayed two full years in his own rented house . he welcomed all the people who came and visited him .
0	so i will start a fire at hazael ’ s house that will destroy the great palaces of ben-hadad .
0	so i will start a fire at the wall of gaza that will destroy the high towers in gaza .
0	so i will start a fire at the walls of tyre that will destroy the high towers in tyre . ”
0	so i will start a fire at teman that will destroy the high towers of bozrah . ”
0	then their kings and leaders will be captured . they will all be taken together. ” this is what the lord said .
0	so i will bring an end to the kings of moab , and i will kill all the leaders of moab. ” this is what the lord said .
0	so i will start a fire in judah that will destroy the high towers of jerusalem . ”
0	“ but you made the nazirites drink wine . you told the prophets not to prophesy .
0	you have become more than i can bear . i am bent low like a wagon loaded with grain .
0	no one will escape , not even the fastest runner . strong men will not be strong enough . soldiers will not be able to save themselves .
0	people with bows and arrows will not survive . fast runners will not escape . people on horses will not escape alive .
0	at that time even very brave soldiers will run away . they will not take the time to put their clothes on. ” this is what the lord said .
0	two people will not walk together
0	a lion will roar in the forest
0	a bird doesn ’ t fly into a trap
0	if people hear the warning blast of a trumpet ,
0	when the lord god decides to do something , he will first tell his servants , the prophets .
0	when a lion roars , people are frightened . when the lord god speaks , a prophet must prophesy .
0	this is what the lord god all-powerful says : “ warn the family of jacob about these things .
0	your city will be destroyed . the women will rush out through cracks in the wall and throw themselves onto the pile of dead bodies .
0	“ so , israel , this is what i will do to you . you people of israel , prepare to meet your god . ”
0	he is the one who made the mountains .
0	people of israel , listen to this song . this funeral song is about you .
0	the virgin of israel has fallen .
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	the lord says this to the nation of israel :
0	but don ’ t look in bethel .
0	come to the lord and live .
0	you should go to the lord for help .
0	you hate those prophets , who go to public places and speak against evil ,
0	you take unfair taxes from the poor .
0	this is because i know about your many sins .
0	at that time wise teachers will be quiet ,
0	you say that god is with you ,
0	hate evil and love goodness .
0	the lord , the lord god all-powerful says ,
0	people will be crying in the vineyards ,
0	some of you want to see
0	you will be like someone who escapes from a lion
0	the lord ’ s special day will be
0	“ i hate your festivals ;
0	even if you offer me burnt offerings and grain offerings ,
0	take your noisy songs away from here .
0	but let justice flow like a river ,
0	israel , you offered me sacrifices
0	but you also carried statues of sakkuth , your king , and kaiwan .
0	so i will send you as captives , far beyond damascus . ”
0	oh , look at the people enjoying life in zion ,
0	go look at calneh .
0	you people are rushing toward the day of punishment .
0	but now you lie on ivory beds
0	you play your harps ,
0	you drink wine in fancy cups .
0	the lord god used his own name and made an oath . the lord god all-powerful said ,
0	at that time ten people in one house might survive , but they too will die .
0	look , the lord will give the command ,
0	do horses run over loose rocks ?
0	you are so excited about defeating lo debar .
0	then the lord changed his mind about this . the lord said , “ it will not happen . ”
0	but i said , “ lord god , stop , i beg you ! jacob can not survive ! he is too small ! ”
0	then the lord changed his mind about this . the lord god said , “ it will not happen either . ”
0	the lord said to me , “ amos , what do you see ? ”
0	amos has said , ‘ jeroboam will die by the sword , and the people of israel will be taken as prisoners out of their country . ’ ”
0	amaziah also said to amos , “ you seer , go down to judah and eat there . do your prophesying there .
0	but don ’ t prophesy anymore here at bethel . this is jeroboam ’ s holy place . this is israel ’ s temple . ”
0	i was a shepherd and the lord took me from following the sheep . the lord said to me , ‘ go , prophesy to my people israel . ’
0	this is what the lord god showed me : i saw a basket of summer fruit .
0	he said to me , “ amos , what do you see ? ”
0	listen to me , you who trample on helpless people .
0	the poor can not pay their loans ,
0	the lord made a promise . he used his name , “ pride of jacob , ” and made this promise :
0	there will be an earthquake
0	the lord god also said ,
0	i will change your festivals into days of crying for the dead .
0	the lord god says ,
0	the people will wander around the country ,
0	at that time the beautiful young men and women
0	they made promises by the sin of samaria ,
0	i saw the lord standing by the altar , and he said ,
0	if they dig deep into the ground ,
0	if they hide at the top of mount carmel ,
0	if they are captured and taken away by their enemies ,
0	the lord god all-powerful will touch the land ,
0	he built his upper rooms above the skies .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	the lord god is watching this sinful kingdom .
0	i am giving the command
0	“ sinners among my people say ,
0	“ david ’ s tent has fallen ,
0	then the people left alive in edom ,
0	the lord says , “ a time of great blessing is coming .
0	i will bring my people , israel ,
0	i will plant my people on their land ,
0	to the holy and faithful brothers and sisters in christ who live in colossae .
0	in our prayers we always thank god for you . he is the father of our lord jesus christ .
0	we thank him because we have heard about the faith you have in christ jesus and the love you have for all of god ’ s people .
0	your faith and love continue because you know what is waiting for you in heaven—the hope you have had since you first heard the true message , the good news
0	you heard it from epaphras , our dear friend and co-worker . he is a faithful servant of christ for us .
0	he also told us about the love you have from the spirit .
0	since the day we heard these things about you , we have continued praying for you . this is what we pray :
0	that god will strengthen you with his own great power , so that you will be patient and not give up when troubles come .
0	god made us free from the power of darkness . and he brought us into the kingdom of his dear son .
0	the son paid the price to make us free . in him we have forgiveness of our sins .
0	no one can see god ,
0	through his power all things were made :
0	the son was there before anything was made .
0	he is the head of the body , which is the church .
0	god was pleased for all of himself to live in the son .
0	and through him , god was happy to bring all things back to himself again—
0	at one time you were separated from god . you were his enemies in your minds , because the evil you did was against him .
0	to do this , i work and struggle using the great strength that christ gives me . that strength is working in my life .
0	in him all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge are kept safe .
0	i tell you this so that no one can fool you by telling you ideas that seem good , but are false .
0	even though i am far away , my thoughts are always with you . i am happy to see your good lives and your strong faith in christ .
0	you accepted christ jesus as lord , so continue to live following him .
0	i say this because all of god lives in christ fully , even in his life on earth .
0	and because you belong to christ you are complete , having everything you need . christ is ruler over every other power and authority .
0	so don ’ t let anyone make rules for you about eating and drinking or about jewish customs ( festivals , new moon celebrations , or sabbath days ) .
0	in the past these things were like a shadow that showed what was coming . but the new things that were coming are found in christ .
0	“ don ’ t eat this , ” “ don ’ t taste that , ” “ don ’ t touch that ” ?
0	these rules are talking about earthly things that are gone after they are used . they are only human commands and teachings .
0	you were raised from death with christ . so live for what is in heaven , where christ is sitting at the right hand of god .
0	think only about what is up there , not what is here on earth .
0	your old self has died , and your new life is kept with christ in god .
0	yes , christ is now your life , and when he comes again , you will share in his glory .
0	god will show his anger against those who don ’ t obey him , because they do these evil things .
0	you also did these things in the past , when you lived like them .
0	but now put these things out of your life : anger , losing your temper , doing or saying things to hurt others , and saying shameful things .
0	don ’ t lie to each other . you have taken off those old clothes—the person you once were and the bad things you did then .
0	together with these things , the most important part of your new life is to love each other . love is what holds everything together in perfect unity .
0	let the peace that christ gives control your thinking . it is for peace that you were chosen to be together in one body . and always be thankful .
0	everything you say and everything you do should be done for jesus your lord . and in all you do , give thanks to god the father through jesus .
0	wives , be willing to serve your husbands . this is the right thing to do in following the lord .
0	husbands , love your wives , and be gentle to them .
0	children , obey your parents in everything . this pleases the lord .
0	fathers , don ’ t upset your children . if you are too hard to please , they might want to stop trying .
0	in all the work you are given , do the best you can . work as though you are working for the lord , not any earthly master .
0	remember that anyone who does wrong will be punished for that wrong . and the lord treats everyone the same .
0	masters , give what is good and fair to your servants . remember that you have a master in heaven .
0	never stop praying . be ready for anything by praying and being thankful .
0	pray that i will say what is necessary to make this truth clear to everyone .
0	be wise in the way you act with those who are not believers . use your time in the best way you can .
0	when you talk , you should always be kind and wise . then you will be able to answer everyone in the way you should .
0	that is why i am sending him . i want you to know how we are , and i am sending him to encourage you .
0	i am sending him with onesimus , the faithful and dear brother from your group . they will tell you everything that has happened here .
0	i know that he has worked hard for you and the people in laodicea and in hierapolis .
0	greetings also from demas and our dear friend luke , the doctor .
0	give our greetings to the brothers and sisters in laodicea . greetings also to nympha and to the church that meets in her house .
0	tell archippus , “ be sure to do the work the lord gave you . ”
0	here ’ s my greeting in my own handwriting— paul . remember me in prison . god ’ s grace be with you .
0	greetings from paul , silas , and timothy .
0	we always remember you when we pray , and we thank god for all of you .
0	brothers and sisters , god loves you . and we know that he has chosen you to be his people .
0	you became an example to all the believers in macedonia and achaia .
0	brothers and sisters , you know that our visit to you was not a failure .
0	when we encourage people to believe the good news , it ’ s not out of wrong motives . we are not trying to trick or fool anyone .
0	we were not looking for praise from people—not from you or anyone else .
0	you know that we treated each one of you the way a father treats his own children .
0	we encouraged you , we comforted you , and we told you to live good lives for god . he calls you to be part of his glorious kingdom .
0	yes , we wanted to come to you . i , paul , tried more than once to come , but satan stopped us .
0	you are our hope , our joy , and the crown we will be proud of when our lord jesus christ comes .
0	you bring us honor and joy .
0	we sent him so that none of you would be upset by the troubles we have now . you yourselves know that we must have these troubles .
0	even when we were with you , we told you that we would all have to suffer . and you know that it happened just as we said .
0	so , brothers and sisters , we are encouraged about you because of your faith . we have much trouble and suffering , but still we are encouraged .
0	our life is really full if you stand strong in the lord .
0	we pray that our god and father and our lord jesus will prepare the way for us to come to you .
0	you know all that we told you to do by the authority of the lord jesus .
0	god wants you to be holy . he wants you to stay away from sexual sins .
0	god wants each one of you to learn to control your own body . use your body in a way that is holy and that gives honor to god .
0	don ’ t let your sexual desires control you like the people who don ’ t know god .
0	god chose us to be holy . he does not want us to live in sin .
0	so anyone who refuses to obey this teaching is refusing to obey god , not us . and god is the one who gives you his holy spirit .
0	we don ’ t need to write to you about having love for your brothers and sisters in christ . god has already taught you to love each other .
0	in fact , you love all the believers in macedonia . we encourage you now , brothers and sisters , to show your love more and more .
0	do all you can to live a peaceful life . mind your own business , and earn your own living , as we told you before .
0	so encourage each other with these words .
0	now , brothers and sisters , we don ’ t need to write to you about times and dates .
0	you know very well that the day when the lord comes again will be a surprise , like a thief who comes at night .
0	but you , brothers and sisters , are not living in darkness . and so that day will not surprise you like a thief .
0	you are all people who belong to the light . you belong to the day . we don ’ t belong to the night or to darkness .
0	so we should not be like other people . we should not be sleeping . we should be awake and have self-control .
0	people who sleep , sleep at night . people who drink too much , drink at night .
0	god did not choose us to suffer his anger . god chose us to have salvation through our lord jesus christ .
0	jesus died for us so that we can live together with him . it is not important if we are alive or dead when jesus comes .
0	so encourage each other and help each other grow stronger in faith , just as you are already doing .
0	show them the highest respect and love because of the work they do .
0	be sure that no one pays back wrong for wrong . but always try to do what is good for each other and for all people .
0	always be full of joy .
0	whatever happens , always be thankful . this is how god wants you to live in christ jesus .
0	don ’ t stop the work of the holy spirit .
0	don ’ t treat prophecy like something that is not important .
0	but test everything . keep what is good ,
0	and stay away from everything that is evil .
0	the one who chose you will do that for you . you can trust him .
0	brothers and sisters , please pray for us .
0	give all the brothers and sisters the special greeting of god ’ s people .
0	i tell you by the authority of the lord to read this letter to all the believers there .
0	the grace of our lord jesus christ be with you .
0	greetings from paul , silas , and timothy .
0	grace and peace to you from god the father and the lord jesus christ .
0	this is proof that god is right in his judgment . he wants you to be worthy of his kingdom . your suffering is for that kingdom .
0	god will do what is right . he will punish those who are causing you trouble .
0	he will come with burning fire to punish those who don ’ t know god—those who refuse to accept the good news about our lord jesus .
0	i told you before that all these things would happen . remember ?
0	and you know what is stopping that man of evil now . he is being stopped now so that he will appear at the right time .
0	so god will send them something powerful that leads them away from the truth and causes them to believe a lie .
0	they will all be condemned because they did not believe the truth and because they enjoyed doing evil .
0	so , brothers and sisters , stand strong and continue to believe the teachings we gave you when we were there and by letter .
0	and pray that we will be protected from crooked and evil people . not everyone believes in the lord , you know .
0	but the lord is faithful . he will give you strength and protect you from the evil one .
0	the lord gives us confidence that you are doing what we told you and that you will continue to do it .
0	we pray that the lord will cause you to feel god ’ s love and remember christ ’ s patient endurance .
0	you yourselves know that you should live like we do . we were not lazy when we were with you .
0	when we were with you , we gave you this rule : “ whoever will not work should not be allowed to eat . ”
0	we hear that some people in your group refuse to work . they are doing nothing except being busy in the lives of others .
0	brothers and sisters , never get tired of doing good .
0	but don ’ t treat them as enemies . counsel them as fellow believers .
0	we pray that the lord of peace will give you peace at all times and in every way . the lord be with you all .
0	the grace of our lord jesus christ be with you all .
0	greetings from paul , an apostle of christ jesus . i am an apostle by the command of god our savior and christ jesus our hope .
0	to timothy , a true son to me in the faith we share .
0	but some have missed this key point in their teaching and have gone off in another direction . now they talk about things that help no one .
0	we know that the law is good if someone uses it right .
0	that teaching is part of the good news that our blessed god gave me to tell . in it we see his glory .
0	i thank christ jesus our lord because he trusted me and gave me this work of serving him . he gives me strength .
0	but our lord gave me a full measure of his grace . and with that grace came the faith and love that are in christ jesus .
0	here is a true statement that should be accepted without question : christ jesus came into the world to save sinners , and i am the worst of them .
0	continue to trust in god and do what you know is right . some people have not done this , and their faith is now in ruins .
0	hymenaeus and alexander are men like that . i have given them to satan so that they will learn not to speak against god .
0	first of all , i ask that you pray for all people . ask god to bless them and give them what they need . and give thanks .
0	this is good and pleases god our savior .
0	god wants everyone to be saved and to fully understand the truth .
0	there is only one god , and there is only one way that people can reach god . that way is through christ jesus , who as a man
0	gave himself to pay for everyone to be free . this is the message that was given to us at just the right time .
0	but they should make themselves attractive by the good things they do . that is more appropriate for women who say they are devoted to god .
0	a woman should learn while listening quietly and being completely willing to obey .
0	i don ’ t allow a woman to teach a man or tell him what to do . she must listen quietly ,
0	because adam was made first . eve was made later .
0	also , adam was not the one who was tricked . it was the woman who was tricked and became a sinner .
0	it is a true statement that anyone whose goal is to serve as an elder has his heart set on a good work .
0	he must be a good leader of his own family . this means that his children obey him with full respect .
0	if a man does not know how to lead his own family , he will not be able to take care of god ’ s church .
0	they must follow the true faith that god has now made known to us and always do what they know is right .
0	you should test them first . then , if you find that they have done nothing wrong , they can be special servants .
0	the men who are special servants must be faithful in marriage . they must be good leaders of children and their own families .
0	those who do well as special servants are making an honorable place for themselves . and they will feel very sure of their faith in christ jesus .
0	i hope i can come to you soon . but i am writing this to you now ,
0	without a doubt , the secret of our life of worship is great :
0	everything that god made is good . nothing he made should be refused if it is accepted with thanks to him .
0	everything he created is made holy by what he has said and by prayer .
0	here is a true statement that should be accepted without question :
0	command and teach these things .
0	continue to read the scriptures to the people , encourage them , and teach them . do this until i come .
0	remember to use the gift you have , which was given to you through a prophecy when the group of elders laid their hands on you .
0	continue to do these things . give your life to doing them . then everyone can see that your work is progressing .
0	be careful in your life and in your teaching . continue to live and teach rightly . then you will save yourself and those who listen to your teaching .
0	don ’ t speak angrily to an older man . but talk to him as if he were your father . treat the younger men like brothers .
0	treat the older women like mothers . and treat the younger women with respect like sisters .
0	take care of widows who really need help .
0	but the widow who uses her life to please herself is really dead while she is still living .
0	tell the believers there to take care of their family so that no one can say they are doing wrong .
0	to be added to your list of widows , a woman must be 60 years old or older . she must have been faithful to her husband .
0	then they will be guilty of not doing what they first promised to do .
0	but some of the younger widows have already turned away to follow satan .
0	the elders who lead the church in a good way should receive double honor—in particular , those who do the work of counseling and teaching .
0	tell those who sin that they are wrong . do this in front of the whole church so that the others will have a warning .
0	before god and jesus christ and the chosen angels , i tell you to make these judgments without any prejudice . treat every person the same .
0	think carefully before you lay your hands on anyone to make him an elder . don ’ t share in the sins of others . keep yourself pure .
0	timothy , stop drinking only water , and drink a little wine . this will help your stomach , and you will not be sick so often .
0	the sins of some people are easy to see . their sins show that they will be judged . but the sins of some others are seen only later .
0	all those who are slaves should show full respect to their masters . then god ’ s name and our teaching will not be criticized .
0	devotion to god is , in fact , a way for people to be very rich , but only if it makes them satisfied with what they have .
0	when we came into the world , we brought nothing . and when we die , we can take nothing out .
0	so , if we have food and clothes , we will be satisfied with that .
0	do what you were commanded to do without fault or blame until the time when our lord jesus christ comes again .
0	tell those who are rich to do good—to be rich in good works . and tell them they should be happy to give and ready to share .
0	some people who claim to have that “ knowledge ” have gone completely away from what we believe .
0	to timothy , a dear son to me .
0	i remember that you cried for me . i want very much to see you so that i can be filled with joy .
0	the spirit god gave us does not make us afraid . his spirit is a source of power and love and self-control .
0	i was chosen to tell people that message as an apostle and teacher .
0	this teaching is a treasure that you have been trusted with . protect it with the help of the holy spirit , who lives inside us .
0	you know that everyone in asia has left me . even phygelus and hermogenes have left me .
0	i pray that the lord will show mercy to the family of onesiphorus . many times onesiphorus encouraged me . he was not ashamed that i was in prison .
0	no , he was not ashamed . when he came to rome , he looked and looked for me until he found me .
0	timothy , you are a son to me . be strong in the grace that we have because we belong to christ jesus .
0	as a good soldier of christ jesus , accept your share of the troubles we have .
0	a soldier wants to please his commanding officer , so he does not spend any time on activities that are not a part of his duty .
0	athletes in a race must obey all the rules to win .
0	the farmer who works hard deserves the first part of the harvest .
0	think about what i am saying . the lord will help you understand it all .
0	here is a true statement :
0	if we remain faithful even in suffering ,
0	if we are not faithful ,
0	stay away from people who talk about useless things that are not from god . that kind of talk will lead a person more and more against god .
0	their evil teaching will spread like a sickness inside the body . hymenaeus and philetus are men like that .
0	stay away from foolish and stupid arguments . you know that these arguments grow into bigger arguments .
0	you must gently teach those who don ’ t agree with you . maybe god will let them change their hearts so that they can accept the truth .
0	remember this : there are some terrible times coming in the last days .
0	these women always want to learn something new , but they are never able to fully understand the truth .
0	but they will not succeed in what they are trying to do . everyone will see how foolish they are . that is what happened to jannes and jambres .
0	everyone who wants to live showing true devotion to god in christ jesus will be persecuted .
0	people who are evil and cheat others will become worse and worse . they will fool others , but they will also be fooling themselves .
0	but you should continue following the teaching you learned . you know it is true , because you know you can trust those who taught you .
0	using the scriptures , those who serve god will be prepared and will have everything they need to do every good work .
0	people will stop listening to the truth . they will begin to follow the teaching in false stories .
0	my life is being given as an offering for god . the time has come for me to leave this life here .
0	i have fought the good fight . i have finished the race . i have served the lord faithfully .
0	do your best to come to me as soon as you can .
0	demas loved this world too much . that is why he left me . he went to thessalonica . crescens went to galatia . and titus went to dalmatia .
0	luke is the only one still with me . get mark and bring him with you when you come . he can help me in my work here .
0	i sent tychicus to ephesus .
0	alexander the metalworker caused me so much harm . the lord will punish him for what he did .
0	he fought against everything we teach . you should be careful that he doesn ’ t hurt you too .
0	the first time i defended myself , no one helped me . everyone left me . i pray that god will forgive them .
0	give my greetings to priscilla and aquila and to the family of onesiphorus .
0	erastus stayed in corinth . and i left trophimus in miletus—he was sick .
0	try as hard as you can to come to me before winter .
0	the lord be with your spirit . grace be with you .
0	nebuchadnezzar king of babylon came to jerusalem and surrounded it with his army . this happened during the third year that jehoiakim was king of judah .
0	among those young men were daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah from the tribe of judah .
0	god caused ashpenaz , the man in charge of the officials , to be kind and loyal to daniel .
0	then daniel talked to the guard who had been put in charge of daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah by ashpenaz .
0	he said , “ please give us this test for ten days : don ’ t give us anything but vegetables to eat and water to drink .
0	so the guard agreed to test daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah for ten days .
0	after ten days , daniel and his friends looked healthier than all the young men who ate the king ’ s food .
0	so the guard continued to take away the king ’ s special food and wine and to give only vegetables to daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah .
0	at the end of the three years of training , ashpenaz brought all the young men to king nebuchadnezzar .
0	so daniel served the king until the first year that cyrus was king .
0	during nebuchadnezzar ’ s second year as king , he had dreams . they bothered him , and he could not sleep .
0	then the king said to them , “ i had a dream that bothers me . i want to know what it means . ”
0	again the wise men said to the king , “ please , sir , tell us about the dream , and we will tell you what it means . ”
0	then king nebuchadnezzar answered , “ i know that you are trying to get more time . you know that i meant what i said .
0	when the king heard that , he became very angry . so he gave an order for all the wise men of babylon to be killed .
0	and said , “ why did the king order such a severe punishment ? ”
0	so daniel went to his house . he explained the whole story to his friends hananiah , mishael , and azariah .
0	during the night , god explained the secret to daniel in a vision . then daniel praised the god of heaven .
0	he changes the times and seasons .
0	he knows hidden secrets that are hard to understand .
0	god of my ancestors , i thank you and praise you .
0	the king asked daniel ( belteshazzar ) a question . he said , “ are you able to tell me about my dream , and what it means ? ”
0	“ king , in your dream you saw a large statue in front of you that was very large and shiny . it was very impressive .
0	the lower part of the legs was made from iron . its feet were made partly of iron and partly of clay .
0	“ that was your dream . now we will tell the king what it means .
0	king , you are the most important king . the god of heaven has given you a kingdom , power , strength , and glory .
0	the toes of the statue were partly iron and partly clay . so the fourth kingdom will be partly strong like iron and partly weak like clay .
0	so all the men came and stood in front of the idol that king nebuchadnezzar had set up .
0	whoever does not bow down and worship this gold idol will immediately be thrown into a very hot furnace . ”
0	then some of the chaldeans came up to the king and began speaking against the people from judah .
0	they said , “ king , may you live forever !
0	and you also said that whoever does not bow down and worship the gold idol will be thrown into a very hot furnace .
0	nebuchadnezzar became very angry . he called for shadrach , meshach , and abednego . so they were brought to him .
0	shadrach , meshach , and abednego answered the king , “ nebuchadnezzar , we don ’ t need to explain these things to you .
0	shadrach , meshach , and abednego fell into the fire . they were tied up very tightly .
0	then the king gave shadrach , meshach , and abednego more important jobs in the province of babylon .
0	king nebuchadnezzar sent this letter to the many nations and language groups living around the world .
0	i am very happy to tell you about the miracles and wonderful things that the most high god did for me .
0	god has done amazing miracles !
0	i , nebuchadnezzar , was at my palace . i was happy and successful .
0	so i gave an order that all the wise men of babylon be brought to me to tell me what my dream meant .
0	when the men of magic and the chaldeans came , i told them about the dream , but they could not tell me what it meant .
0	the tree grew large and strong . the top of the tree touched the sky . it could be seen from anywhere on earth .
0	“ i was looking at those things in the vision while lying on my bed . and then i saw a holy angel coming down from heaven .
0	he will not think like a man any longer . he will have the mind of an animal . seven seasons will pass while he is like this . ’
0	“ king , this is the meaning of the dream . god most high has commanded these things to happen to my lord the king :
0	all these things happened to king nebuchadnezzar .
0	king belshazzar gave a big party for 1000 of his officials . the king was drinking wine with them .
0	so all the king ’ s wise men came in , but they could not read the writing or understand what it meant .
0	king belshazzar ’ s officials were confused , and the king became even more afraid and worried . his face was white from fear .
0	so they brought daniel to the king and he asked , “ is your name daniel , one of the captives my father the king brought here from judah ?
0	i have heard that the spirit of the gods is in you and that you understand secrets and are very smart and very wise .
0	“ king , god most high made your grandfather nebuchadnezzar a very great and powerful king and gave him great wealth .
0	“ but nebuchadnezzar became proud and stubborn , so his power was taken away from him . he was taken off his royal throne and stripped of his glory .
0	“ but belshazzar , you already knew this . you are nebuchadnezzar ’ s grandson , but still you have not made yourself humble .
0	so because of that , god sent the hand that wrote on the wall .
0	these are the words that were written on the wall :
0	“ this is what these words mean :
0	that very same night , belshazzar , king of the babylonians , was killed .
0	a man named darius the mede became the new king . darius was about 62 years old .
0	darius thought it would be a good idea to choose 120 satraps to rule throughout his kingdom .
0	so the two supervisors and the satraps went as a group to the king . they said , “ king darius , live forever !
0	so king darius made the law and signed it .
0	then the supervisors and satraps went as a group and found daniel praying and asking god for help .
0	the next morning , king darius got up just as it was getting light and ran to the lions ’ den .
0	daniel answered , “ king , live forever !
0	then king darius wrote this letter to all the people from other nations and language groups all around the world :
0	god helps and saves people .
0	so daniel was successful during the time darius was king and when cyrus the persian was king .
0	daniel said , “ i saw my vision at night . in the vision the wind was blowing from all four directions . these winds made the sea rough .
0	i saw four big animals and each one was different from the others . these four animals came up out of the sea .
0	“ as i was looking , thrones were put in their places ,
0	a river of fire flowed out
0	the authority and rule of the other animals had been taken from them . but they were permitted to live for a certain period of time .
0	“ i , daniel , was confused and worried . the visions that went through my mind bothered me .
0	i went to someone who was standing there and asked him what all this meant . so he explained it to me .
0	he said , ‘ the four great animals are four kingdoms that will come from the earth .
0	but god ’ s holy people will receive the kingdom , and they will have the kingdom forever and ever . ’
0	as i was watching , this little horn began attacking and making war against god ’ s holy people and killing them .
0	“ ‘ but the court will decide what should happen , and that king ’ s power will be taken away . his kingdom will end completely .
0	after that vision , i , daniel , saw another vision during the third year that belshazzar was king .
0	then a little horn grew from one of those four horns . it grew and became very big . it grew toward the southeast , toward the beautiful land .
0	because of this sin , the daily sacrifices were stopped . truth was thrown down to the ground . the little horn did these things and was very successful .
0	the other holy one said , “ this will last for 2300 days . then the holy place will be repaired . ”
0	“ you saw a ram with two horns . the horns are the countries of media and persia .
0	the goat is the king of greece . the big horn between its eyes is the first king .
0	i prayed to the lord my god and told him about all my sins . i said ,
0	“ lord , we should all be ashamed . all our kings and leaders should be ashamed . our ancestors should be ashamed , because we sinned against you .
0	“ but , lord our god , you are kind and forgiving , even though we rebelled against you .
0	we have not obeyed the lord our god . he used his servants , the prophets , and gave us laws , but we have not obeyed his laws .
0	i was praying to the lord my god about his holy mountain and telling about my sins and the sins of the people of israel .
0	gabriel helped me understand the things i wanted to know . he said , “ daniel , i have come to give you wisdom and to help you understand .
0	at that time i , daniel , was very sad for three weeks .
0	on the 24th day of the first month of the year , i was standing beside the great tigris river .
0	then a hand touched me . when that happened , i got on my hands and knees . i was so afraid that i was shaking .
0	while the man was talking to me , i bowed low with my face toward the ground . i could not speak .
0	sir , i am daniel your servant . how can i talk with you ? my strength is gone and it is hard for me to breathe . ”
0	the one who looked like a man touched me again . when he touched me , i felt better .
0	“ during the first year that darius the mede was king , i stood up to support michael in his fight against the prince of persia .
0	then a very strong and powerful king will come who will rule with much power . he will do anything he wants .
0	the northern king will attack the southern kingdom . but he will lose , and then he will go back to his own country .
0	he will defeat large and powerful armies . he will even defeat the leader with the agreement .
0	“ at the right time , the northern king will attack the southern king again . but this time he will not be successful as he was before .
0	when those wise people are punished , they will receive some help , but many people who join them will be hypocrites .
0	the northern king will show his power in many countries . egypt will also learn how powerful he is .
0	he will get treasures of gold and silver and all the riches of egypt . the libyans and ethiopians will obey him .
0	but that northern king will hear news from the east and the north that will make him afraid and angry . he will go to completely destroy many nations .
0	there are many who are dead and buried . some of them will wake up and live forever , but others will wake up to shame and disgrace forever .
0	the wise people will shine as bright as the sky . those who teach others to live right will shine like stars forever and ever .
0	i heard the answer , but i really didn ’ t understand . so i asked , “ sir , what will happen after all this comes true ? ”
0	he answered , “ go on about your life daniel . the message is hidden . it will be a secret until the time of the end .
0	“ the daily sacrifice will be stopped . there will be 1290 days from that time until the time that the terrible thing that destroys is set up .
0	the one who waits for and comes to the end of the 1335 days will be very happy .
0	the trip from mount horeb through the mountains of seir to kadesh barnea takes only eleven days .
0	the israelites were in moab on the east side of the jordan river when moses began to explain what god had commanded :
0	“ at mount horeb the lord our god spoke to us . he said , ‘ you have stayed at this mountain long enough .
0	“ at that time i told you , ‘ i can ’ t take care of you by myself .
0	may the lord , the god of your ancestors , give you 1000 times more people than you are now ! may he bless you as he promised .
0	but i can not take care of you and solve all your arguments by myself .
0	so choose some men from each tribe , and i will make them leaders over you . choose wise men with experience who understand people . ’
0	“ and you said , ‘ that is a good thing to do . ’
0	at that same time i also told you everything you must do .
0	then i said to you , ‘ you have now come to the hill country of the amorites . the lord our god will give us this country .
0	“ i thought that was a good idea . so i chose twelve men from among you , one man from each tribe .
0	then they left and went up to the hill country . they came to the valley of eshcol and explored it .
0	“ but you refused to go into the land . you refused to obey the lord your god .
0	“ so i said to you , ‘ don ’ t be upset or afraid of those people .
0	the lord your god is in front , leading you . he will fight for you just as he did in egypt .
0	“ but you didn ’ t trust the lord your god then either .
0	“ the lord heard what you said , and he was angry . he made a vow . he said ,
0	‘ not one of you evil people who are alive now will go into the good land that i promised to your ancestors .
0	“ the lord was also angry with me because of you . he said to me , ‘ moses , you can not enter the land , either .
0	but you—you must turn around , take the road to the red sea and go back into the desert . ’
0	the amorites who lived there came out like a swarm of bees and chased you all the way from seir to hormah .
0	then you came back crying to the lord for help , but the lord refused to listen to you .
0	so you stayed at kadesh for such a long time .
0	then the lord said to me ,
0	‘ you have traveled around these mountains long enough . turn north .
0	you must pay the people of esau for any food you eat or water you drink there .
0	the anakites were part of the rephaites . people thought the emites were also rephaites , but the people of moab called them emites .
0	“ the lord told me , ‘ now , go to the other side of zered valley. ’ so we crossed zered valley .
0	the lord had opposed those men until they were all dead and gone from our camp .
0	“ after all the fighting men were dead and gone ,
0	the lord said to me ,
0	‘ today you must cross the border at ar and go into moab .
0	( that country is also known as the land of rephaim . the rephaites lived there in the past . the people of ammon called them the zamzummites .
0	today i will make all people everywhere afraid of you . they will hear the news about you , and they will be afraid and shake with fear . ’
0	“ while we were in the desert of kedemoth , i sent messengers to king sihon of heshbon . the messengers offered peace to sihon . they said ,
0	‘ let us go through your land . we will stay on the road . we will not turn off the road to the right or to the left .
0	we will pay you in silver for any food we eat or any water we drink . we only want to march through your country .
0	“ the lord said to me , ‘ i am giving king sihon and his country to you . now , go take his land ! ’
0	“ then king sihon and all his people came out to fight against us at jahaz .
0	but the lord our god gave him to us . we defeated king sihon , his sons , and all his people .
0	we took only the cattle and the valuable things from those cities .
0	“ we turned and went on the road to bashan . king og of bashan and all his men came out to fight against us at edrei .
0	“ so the lord our god let us defeat king og of bashan . we destroyed him and all his men . not one of them was left .
0	but we kept all the cattle and the valuable things from the cities for ourselves .
0	( the people from sidon call mount hermon , sirion , but the amorites called it senir . )
0	i gave the other half of gilead and the whole area of bashan to half the tribe of manasseh . ”
0	“ i gave gilead to makir .
0	your wives , your little children , and your cattle ( i know you have many cattle ) will stay here in the cities i have given you .
0	don ’ t fear the kings of these lands , because the lord your god will fight for you . ’
0	“ then i begged the lord to do something special for me . i said ,
0	please let me go across the jordan river and see the good land on the other side . let me see the beautiful hill country and lebanon . ’
0	“ so we stayed in the valley across from beth peor .
0	“ you have seen what the lord did at baal peor . the lord your god destroyed all your people who followed the false god baal at that place .
0	but all of you who stayed with the lord your god are alive today .
0	“ the lord our god is near when we ask him to help us . no other nation has a god like that !
0	and no other nation is great enough to have laws and rules as good as the teachings i give you today .
0	“ on the day the lord spoke to you from the fire at mount horeb , you did not see him—there was no shape for god .
0	or like an animal on the earth , or like a bird that flies in the sky .
0	and don ’ t make an idol that looks like anything that crawls on the ground or like a fish in the sea .
0	because the lord your god hates for his people to worship other gods . and he can be like a fire that destroys !
0	there you will serve gods made by men—things made of wood and stone that can not see or hear or eat or smell !
0	when you are in trouble—when all these things happen to you—then you will come back to the lord your god and obey him .
0	you people heard god speaking to you from a fire , and you are still alive . has that ever happened to anyone else ? no !
0	the lord showed you all this so that you would know that he is god . there is no other god like him .
0	then moses chose three cities on the east side of the jordan river .
0	any person who killed someone by accident and not out of hate could run away to one of these three cities and not be put to death .
0	moses gave god ’ s law to the israelites .
0	moses gave these teachings , laws , and rules to the people after they came out of egypt .
0	this land goes from aroer on the edge of the arnon valley all the way to mount sirion , that is , mount hermon .
0	the lord our god made an agreement with us at mount horeb .
0	the lord did not make this agreement with our ancestors , but with us—yes , with all of us who are alive here today .
0	the lord spoke with you face to face at that mountain . he spoke to you from the fire .
0	‘ i am the lord your god . i am the one who freed you from egypt , where you were slaves .
0	‘ you must not worship any other gods except me .
0	but i will be very kind to people who love me and obey my commands . i will be kind to their families for thousands of generations !
0	‘ you must not use the name of the lord your god to make empty promises . if you do , the lord will not let you go unpunished .
0	‘ you must keep the sabbath a special day like the lord your god commanded .
0	work six days a week and do your job ,
0	‘ you must not murder anyone .
0	‘ you must not commit the sin of adultery .
0	‘ you must not steal .
0	‘ you must not tell lies about other people .
0	no one has ever heard the living god speak from the fire like we have and still lived !
0	“ the lord heard what you said and told me , ‘ i heard what the people said . and that is fine .
0	“ ‘ go and tell the people to go back to their tents ,
0	“ so you people must be careful to do everything the lord commanded you . do not stop following god !
0	“ listen , people of israel ! the lord is our god . the lord is the only god .
0	you must love the lord your god with all your heart , with all your soul , and with all your strength .
0	always remember these commands that i give you today .
0	tie them on your hands and wear them on your foreheads to help you remember my teachings .
0	write them on the doorposts of your houses and on your gates .
0	“ but be careful ! don ’ t forget the lord . you were slaves in egypt , but he brought you out of the land of egypt .
0	respect the lord your god and serve only him . you must use only his name to make promises .
0	you must not follow other gods . you must not follow the gods of the people who live around you .
0	“ you must not test the lord your god like you tested him at massah .
0	you must be sure to obey the commands of the lord your god . you must follow all the teachings and laws he has given you .
0	and you will force out all your enemies , just as the lord said .
0	then you will say to them , ‘ we were pharaoh ’ s slaves in egypt , but the lord brought us out of egypt with his great power .
0	he brought us out of egypt so that he could give us the land that he promised our ancestors .
0	don ’ t marry any of them , and don ’ t let your sons or daughters marry any of the people from those other nations .
0	why did the lord love and choose you ? it was not because you are such a large nation . you had the fewest of all people !
0	but the lord punishes people who hate him . he will destroy them . he will not be slow to punish those who hate him .
0	so you must be careful to obey the commands , laws , and rules that i give you today .
0	“ you will be blessed more than all people . every husband and wife will be able to have children . your cows will be able to have calves .
0	“ don ’ t say in your heart , ‘ these nations are stronger than we are . how can we force them out ? ’
0	you must not be afraid of them . you must remember what the lord your god did to pharaoh and to all the people of egypt .
0	“ the lord your god will send the hornet against them . he will do this until he destroys all the people who escaped and tried to hide .
0	don ’ t be afraid of them , because the lord your god is with you . he is a great and awesome god .
0	but the lord your god will let you defeat those nations . he will confuse them in battle , until they are destroyed .
0	these past 40 years , your clothes did not wear out , and your feet did not swell .
0	you must remember that the lord your god teaches and corrects you as a father teaches and corrects his son .
0	“ you must obey the commands of the lord your god . follow him and respect him .
0	it is a land with wheat and barley , grapevines , fig trees , and pomegranates . it is a land with olive oil and honey .
0	you will have all you want to eat . then you will praise the lord your god for the good land he has given you .
0	“ be careful . don ’ t forget the lord your god ! be careful to obey the commands , laws , and rules that i give you today .
0	then you will have plenty to eat , and you will build good houses and live in them .
0	your cattle , sheep , and goats will grow large . you will get plenty of gold and silver . you will have plenty of everything .
0	don ’ t ever say to yourself , ‘ i got all this wealth by my own power and ability . ’
0	the lord is destroying other nations for you . but if you stop listening to the lord your god , you will be destroyed just like them !
0	you made the lord angry at mount horeb . the lord was angry enough to destroy you !
0	“ so at the end of 40 days and 40 nights , the lord gave me two stone tablets—the stones of the agreement .
0	“ the lord also said to me , ‘ i have watched these people . they are very stubborn !
0	so i took the two stone tablets and threw them down . there before your eyes i broke the stones into pieces .
0	i was afraid of the lord ’ s terrible anger . he was angry enough to destroy you , but the lord listened to me again .
0	the lord was very angry with aaron—enough to destroy him ! so i also prayed for aaron at that time .
0	“ also , at taberah , massah , and kibroth hattaavah you made the lord angry .
0	all the time that i have known you , you have refused to obey the lord .
0	“ so i bowed down before the lord 40 days and 40 nights , because the lord said he would destroy you .
0	but they are your people , lord . they belong to you . you brought them out of egypt with your great power and strength . ’
0	then the israelites went from moserah to gudgodah . and they went from gudgodah to jotbathah , a land of rivers .
0	so obey the laws and commands of the lord that i am giving you today . these laws and commands are for your own good .
0	“ stop being stubborn . give your hearts to god .
0	he defends widows and orphans . he loves even the strangers living among us . he gives them food and clothes .
0	so you must also love them , because you yourselves were strangers in the land of egypt .
0	“ you must respect the lord your god and worship only him . never leave him . when you make promises , you must use his name only .
0	“ so you must love the lord your god . you must do what he tells you to do and always obey his laws , rules , and commands .
0	it was you , not your children , who saw everything he did for you in the desert until you came to this place .
0	it was you , not your children , who saw all the great things the lord did .
0	the lord your god cares for that land . the lord your god watches over it , from the beginning to the end of the year .
0	and i will make grass grow in your fields for your cattle . you will have plenty to eat . ’
0	write these commands on the doorposts of your houses and on your gates .
0	“ today i am giving you a choice . you may choose the blessing or the curse .
0	you will get the blessing if you listen and obey the commands of the lord your god that i have told you today .
0	you must carefully obey all the laws and rules i give you today .
0	“ you must not worship the lord your god in the same way these people worship their gods .
0	“ you must not continue to worship the way we have been worshiping . until now each of us has been worshiping god any way we wanted .
0	this is because we have not yet entered the peaceful land that the lord your god is giving you .
0	be sure you don ’ t offer your burnt offerings in just any place you see .
0	the lord will choose his special place among your tribes . offer your burnt offerings and do everything else i told you only in that place .
0	but you must not eat the blood . you must pour the blood on the ground like water .
0	but be sure that you always share these meals with the levites . do this as long as you live in your land .
0	you may eat this meat the same as you would eat gazelle or deer meat . anyone can do this—people who are clean and people who are unclean .
0	don ’ t eat the blood . pour it out like water onto the ground .
0	so don ’ t eat blood . you must do what the lord says is right , and good things will happen to you and to your descendants .
0	“ a prophet or someone who explains dreams might come to you and tell you that they will show you a sign or a miracle .
0	they are the gods of the people who live in the other lands around you , some near and some far away . )
0	you must not agree with them . don ’ t listen to them or feel sorry for them . don ’ t let them go free or protect them .
0	then all the israelites will hear about it and be afraid . and they will not do those evil things any more .
0	“ the lord your god has given you cities to live in . sometimes you might hear some bad news about one of these cities . you might hear that
0	then you must kill all the people of that city and their animals too . you must destroy that city completely .
0	“ you are the children of the lord your god . when someone dies , you must not cut yourselves or shave your heads to show your sadness .
0	“ don ’ t eat anything that the lord hates .
0	you may eat these animals : cattle , sheep , goats ,
0	deer , gazelles , roe deer , wild sheep , wild goats , antelopes , and mountain sheep .
0	you may eat any animal that has hooves divided into two parts and that chews the cud .
0	“ you may eat any kind of fish that has fins and scales .
0	but don ’ t eat anything living in the water that does not have fins and scales . it is not a clean food for you .
0	“ you may eat any clean bird .
0	but don ’ t eat any of these birds : eagles , vultures , buzzards ,
0	red kites , falcons , any kind of kite ,
0	any kind of raven ,
0	horned owls , screech owls , sea gulls , any kind of hawk ,
0	little owls , great owls , white owls ,
0	desert owls , ospreys , cormorants ,
0	storks , any kind of heron , hoopoes , or bats .
0	“ all insects with wings are unclean , so don ’ t eat them .
0	but you may eat any clean bird .
0	“ every year you must be sure to save one-tenth of all the crops that grow in your fields .
0	sell that part of your crops and take the money with you to the special place the lord has chosen .
0	“ at the end of every three years , you must gather one-tenth of your harvest for that year . store this food in your towns .
0	“ at the end of every seven years , you must cancel debts .
0	you may require a foreigner to repay you , but you must cancel any debt another israelite owes you .
0	there should not be any poor people in your country , because the lord your god is giving you this land . and the lord will greatly bless you .
0	but this will happen only if you obey the lord your god . you must be careful to obey every command that i have told you today .
0	you must be willing to share with them . you must lend them whatever they need .
0	but when you let your slave go free , don ’ t send him away with nothing .
0	remember , you were slaves in egypt . and the lord your god set you free . so that is why i am giving you this command today .
0	but you must not eat the blood from the animal . you must pour the blood out on the ground like water .
0	“ you must not sacrifice the passover animal in any of the towns that the lord your god gives you .
0	you must cook the meal and eat it at the place the lord your god will choose . the next morning you may go back home .
0	“ you must count seven weeks from the time you begin to harvest the grain .
0	remember , you were slaves in egypt . so be sure to obey these laws .
0	“ seven days after you have gathered your harvest in from your threshing floor and from your winepress , you should celebrate the festival of shelters .
0	each man should give as much as he can . he should decide how much to give by thinking about how much the lord has given him .
0	you must not set up special stones for worshiping false gods . the lord your god hates them .
0	“ you must not sacrifice to the lord your god an ox or sheep that has anything wrong with it . the lord your god would hate that .
0	that they have worshiped other gods or maybe the sun , the moon or the stars . i never told you to do that !
0	you must go to the priests who are levites and to the judge on duty at that time . they will decide what to do about that problem .
0	you must accept their decision and follow their instructions exactly—don ’ t change anything !
0	all the people will hear about this punishment and be afraid . then they will not be stubborn anymore .
0	the tribe of levi will not get any share of land like the other tribes . their share is the lord himself , as he said to them .
0	this is because the lord your god looked at all your tribes and chose levi and his descendants to serve him as priests forever .
0	and this levite may serve in the name of the lord his god , the same as all his brother levites who are on duty before the lord .
0	and that levite will get an equal share with the other levites , in addition to the share his family normally gets .
0	you must be faithful to the lord your god , never doing anything he considers wrong .
0	“ the lord said to me , ‘ what they ask for is good .
0	this prophet will speak for me , and i will punish anyone who refuses to listen to my commands . ’
0	you might be thinking , ‘ how can we know if something a prophet says is not from the lord ? ’
0	that is why i commanded you to choose three special cities .
0	then innocent people will not be killed in the land that the lord your god is giving you . and you will not be guilty for any such deaths .
0	“ a witness might try to hurt another person by lying and saying that this person did wrong .
0	when the judges carefully ask their questions , they might find that the witness lied against the other person . if the witnesses tell lies ,
0	you must punish them with the same punishment the other person would have received . in this way you will remove this evil from your group .
0	other people will hear about this and be afraid , and people will not do evil things like that again .
0	“ when you go to the battle , the priest must go to the soldiers and speak to them .
0	the lord your god is going with you to help you fight against your enemies . he will help you win ! ’
0	then , after the officers have finished speaking to the army , they must choose captains to lead the soldiers .
0	“ when you go to attack a city , you must first offer peace to the people there .
0	if they accept your offer and open their gates , all the people in that city will become your slaves and be forced to work for you .
0	but if the city refuses to make peace with you and fights against you , you should surround the city .
0	and when the lord your god lets you take the city , you must kill all the men in it .
0	that is what you must do to all the cities that are very far from you—the cities that are not in the land where you will live .
0	“ but when you take cities in the land that the lord your god is giving you , you must kill everyone .
0	your leaders and judges must come out and measure the distance to the towns around the dead body .
0	all the leaders of the town nearest the dead body must wash their hands over the cow that had its neck broken in the valley .
0	these leaders must say , ‘ we did not kill this person , and we did not see it happen .
0	in this way you will remove that guilt from your group by doing what the lord said .
0	“ you might fight against your enemies , and the lord your god might let you defeat them and take them as captives .
0	you might see a beautiful woman among the captives who you want to be your wife .
0	you must then bring her into your house where she will shave her head and cut her nails .
0	when the man divides his property among his children , he can not give the rights of the firstborn to the son of his favorite wife .
0	his father and mother must then take him to the leaders of the town at the town meeting place .
0	“ a man might be guilty of a sin that must be punished by death . people might kill him and hang his body on a tree .
0	“ you must not plow with an ox and a donkey together .
0	“ you must not wear clothes made by weaving together wool and linen .
0	“ tie several pieces of thread together . then put these tassels on the four corners of the robes you wear .
0	“ a man might marry a woman and have sexual relations with her . then he might decide that he does not like her .
0	then the leaders of that town must take that man and punish him .
0	“ a man might meet a virgin girl engaged to another man . he might have sexual relations with her . if this happens in the city ,
0	“ but if a man finds an engaged girl out in the field and forces her to have sexual relations with him , only the man must die .
0	you must do nothing to the girl . she did nothing that deserves the punishment of death . this is like someone attacking their neighbor and killing them .
0	the man found the engaged girl out in the field and attacked her . maybe she called for help , but there was no one to help her .
0	“ a man might find a virgin girl who is not engaged and force her to have sexual relations with him . if other people see this happen ,
0	“ a man must not bring shame to his father by marrying his father ’ s wife .
0	“ a man with a crushed testicle or part of his sex organ cut off may not join with the men of israel to worship the lord .
0	you must never try to make peace with the ammonites or moabites . as long as you live , don ’ t be friendly to them .
0	“ you must not hate edomites , because they are your relatives . you must not hate egyptians , because you were a stranger in their land .
0	the children of the third generation born to the edomites and egyptians may join with the people of israel to worship the lord .
0	“ when your army goes to fight against your enemies , stay away from everything that would make you unclean .
0	then , when evening comes , the man must bathe himself in water . and when the sun goes down , he may come into the camp again .
0	“ you also must have a place outside the camp where people can go to relieve themselves .
0	“ if slaves run away and come to you , don ’ t force them to go back to their masters .
0	runaway slaves may live with you wherever they like in whatever city they choose . you must not trouble them .
0	“ an israelite man or woman must never become a temple prostitute .
0	if you don ’ t make a promise , you are not sinning .
0	when she has left his house , she may go and become another man ’ s wife .
0	remember what the lord your god did to miriam on your trip out of egypt .
0	“ when you give someone any kind of loan , you must not go into their house to get security .
0	you must stand outside . then the person who you gave the loan to will bring out the security to you .
0	if he is a poor man , then he might give the clothes that keep him warm . you must not keep that security overnight .
0	“ you must make sure that foreigners and orphans are treated fairly . and you must never take clothes from a widow as security .
0	remember you were poor slaves in egypt . that is why i tell you to do these things for the poor .
0	“ when two people have an argument , they should go to the court . the judges will decide which person is right and which is wrong .
0	don ’ t hit anyone more than 40 times during punishment , because more than that means that their life is not important to you .
0	“ when an animal is being used to separate grain , you must not cover its mouth to stop it from eating .
0	then the first son she has will be considered the dead man ’ s son in order to keep the dead man ’ s name alive in israel .
0	from then on , the brother ’ s family will be known in israel as , ‘ the family of the man whose sandal was removed . ’
0	if she does that , cut off her hand . don ’ t feel sorry for her .
0	“ don ’ t use weights that are too heavy or too light .
0	don ’ t keep measures in your house that are too large or too small .
0	the lord your god hates people who cheat with false weights and measures . yes , he hates all people who do wrong .
0	“ remember what the amalekites did to you when you were coming from egypt .
0	“ you will soon enter the land that the lord your god is giving you . you will take that land and live there .
0	“ then the priest will take the basket from you . he will put it down in front of the altar of the lord your god .
0	the egyptians treated us badly . they made us slaves . they hurt us and forced us to work very hard .
0	then the lord brought us out of egypt with his great power and strength . he used great miracles and wonders and did amazing things .
0	so he brought us to this place . he gave us this land—a land filled with many good things .
0	now , lord , i bring you the first harvest from the land that you gave me . ’
0	“ today the lord your god commands you to obey all these laws and rules . be careful to follow them with all your heart and soul .
0	moses and the elders of israel spoke to the people . moses said , “ obey all the commands that i give you today .
0	also , use some stones there to build an altar to the lord your god . don ’ t use iron tools to cut the stones .
0	you must not use cut stones to build the altar for the lord your god . offer burnt offerings on this altar to the lord your god .
0	and you must sacrifice and eat fellowship offerings there . eat and enjoy yourselves there together with the lord your god .
0	you must write all these teachings on the stones that you set up . write clearly so that they are easy to read . ”
0	so you must do everything that the lord your god tells you . you must obey his commands and his laws that i am giving you today . ”
0	that day moses also told the people ,
0	and these tribes will stand on mount ebal to read the curses : reuben , gad , asher , zebulun , dan , and naphtali .
0	“ and the levites will say to all the israelites in a loud voice :
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who does not show respect to their father or their mother ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who moves a neighbor ’ s landmark ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who tricks a blind man into going the wrong way ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who does not give fair judgment for the foreigners , orphans , and widows ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who shames his father by having sexual relations with his father ’ s wife . ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who has sexual relations with any kind of animal ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who has sexual relations with his sister or half sister ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who has sexual relations with his mother-in-law ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who kills anyone , even if he is not caught ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who takes money to kill an innocent person ! ’
0	“ the levites will say , ‘ cursed is the one who does not support this law and agree to obey it . ’
0	if you will obey the lord your god , all these blessings will come to you and be yours :
0	“ he will bless you
0	he will bless your baskets and pans
0	he will bless you at all times
0	if you follow the lord your god and obey his commands , he will do what he promised . the lord will make you his own special people .
0	then all the people in that land will see that you are called to be the lord ’ s people , and they will be afraid of you .
0	“ the lord will curse you
0	he will curse you ,
0	he will curse you at all times
0	the lord will send you terrible diseases until you no longer exist , until you are completely gone from the land .
0	there will be no clouds in the sky—the sky will look like polished brass . and the ground under you will be hard like iron .
0	the lord will not send rain—only sand and dust will fall from the sky . it will come down on you until you are destroyed .
0	your dead bodies will be food for the wild birds and animals . there will be no one to scare them away from your dead bodies .
0	the lord will punish you by making you crazy . he will make you blind and confused .
0	“ a nation that you don ’ t know will take all your crops and everything you worked for . people will treat you badly and abuse you .
0	the things you see will make you go crazy .
0	“ your fields will produce plenty of grain . but your harvest will be small , because the locusts will eat your harvest .
0	you will have sons and daughters . but you will not be able to keep them , because they will be captured and taken away .
0	locusts will destroy all your trees and the crops in your fields .
0	the foreigners living among you will get more and more power , and you will lose the power you had .
0	these curses will show people that god judged you and your descendants forever . people will be amazed at the terrible things that happen to you .
0	“ the lord your god gave you many blessings . but you did not serve him with joy and a glad heart .
0	these people will be cruel . they will not care about old people or show mercy to young children .
0	he will bring on you all the diseases you saw in egypt that filled you with fear , and you will not be able to avoid them .
0	the lord will even bring troubles and diseases that are not written in this book of teachings . he will continue to do this until you are destroyed .
0	you will live with danger and always be afraid . you will be afraid night and day . you will never feel sure about your life .
0	you saw the great troubles he gave them . you saw the miracles and amazing things he did .
0	but even today , you still don ’ t understand what happened . the lord has not let you really understand what you saw and heard .
0	he led you through the desert for 40 years , and in all that time , your clothes and sandals did not wear out .
0	“ you came to this place , and king sihon of heshbon and king og of bashan came out to fight against us . but we defeated them .
0	then we took their land and gave it to the people in the tribes of reuben and gad and to half the tribe of manasseh .
0	if you obey all the commands in this agreement , you will continue to succeed in everything you do .
0	your wives and children are here and also the foreigners living among you—the people who cut your wood and bring you water .
0	you are all here to enter into an agreement with the lord your god . the lord your god is making this agreement with you today .
0	the lord is making this agreement with its promises with you people , but not only with you .
0	you remember how we lived in the land of egypt . and you remember how we traveled through the countries that were on our way here .
0	you saw their hated things—the idols they had made from wood , stone , silver , and gold .
0	“ all the other nations will ask , ‘ why did the lord do this to this land ? why was he so angry ? ’
0	the israelites started serving other gods—gods they never worshiped before . the lord told his people not to worship those gods .
0	that is why the lord became very angry with the people of this land . so he brought to them all the curses that are written in this book .
0	even if you were sent to the farthest parts of the earth , the lord your god will gather you from there and bring you back .
0	“ then the lord your god will make all these bad things happen to your enemies , who hate you and cause you trouble .
0	and you will again obey the lord . you will obey all his commands that i give you today .
0	“ this command that i give you today is not too hard for you . it is not a secret hidden in some far away land .
0	no , the word is very near to you . it is in your mouth and in your heart . so you can obey it .
0	“ today i have given you a choice between life and death , success and disaster .
0	but if you turn away from your god and refuse to listen , if you are led away to worship and serve other gods ,
0	then moses went and spoke these words to all the israelites .
0	“ the lord destroyed sihon and og . he destroyed those amorite kings and he will do the same thing for you again !
0	the lord will help you defeat these nations . but you must do to them everything i told you to do .
0	the lord appeared at the tent in a tall cloud . the tall cloud stood over the entrance of the tent .
0	and i will refuse to help them , because they have done evil and worshiped other gods .
0	so that same day moses wrote down the song and taught it to the israelites .
0	moses carefully wrote all these teachings in a book . when he finished ,
0	he gave a command to the levites . ( these men carry the lord ’ s box of the agreement . ) moses said ,
0	all the israelites were gathered together , and moses sang this whole song for them :
0	“ skies , listen and i will speak .
0	my teachings will come like the rain ,
0	“ the lord is the rock ,
0	and you are not really his children .
0	is this the way you repay the lord for all he has done for you ?
0	“ remember the days of the past .
0	god most high separated the people on earth
0	the lord chose his people to be his own .
0	“ the lord found them in the desert ,
0	like an eagle when she makes her young leave the nest to fly .
0	the lord alone led his people .
0	the lord helped them take control of the hill country .
0	he gave his people butter from the herd and milk from the flock .
0	“ but jeshurun became fat and kicked like a bull .
0	they made him jealous by worshiping other gods .
0	they offered sacrifices to demons—gods that are not god .
0	you people left the rock who made you ;
0	“ the lord saw this and became upset .
0	so he said , ‘ i will turn away from them ,
0	they made me jealous with things that are not really gods .
0	my anger will burn like a fire ,
0	“ ‘ i will bring troubles to the israelites .
0	they will become thin from hunger .
0	in the streets , soldiers will kill them .
0	“ ‘ i thought about destroying the israelites
0	but i know what their enemies would say .
0	“ they are foolish .
0	if they were wise ,
0	can one person chase away 1000 men ?
0	the ‘ rock ’ of our enemies is not strong like our rock .
0	their vines and fields will be destroyed
0	their wine is like the poison of deadly snakes .
0	“ the lord says , ‘ i am saving that punishment .
0	i will punish them for the bad things they did .
0	“ the lord will judge his people .
0	then the lord will say , ‘ where are the false gods ?
0	those false gods ate the fat of your sacrifices .
0	“ ‘ now , see that i , and only i , am god !
0	i raise my hand toward heaven and make this promise .
0	my enemies will be killed and taken as prisoners .
0	“ the whole world should be happy for god ’ s people !
0	moses and joshua son of nun came and sang all the words of this song for the israelites to hear .
0	when moses finished giving these teachings to the people ,
0	the lord spoke to moses that same day . he said ,
0	you will die on that mountain . you will go to be with your people , the same as your brother aaron died on mount hor .
0	so now you may see the land that i am giving to the israelites . but you can not go into that land . ”
0	this is the blessing that moses , the man of god , gave the israelites before he died :
0	“ the lord came from sinai ,
0	yes , the lord loves his people .
0	moses gave us the law .
0	at that time the israelites
0	“ let reuben live , and not die !
0	moses said this about judah :
0	moses said this about levi :
0	they were more loyal to you , lord , than to their own families .
0	they will teach your rules to jacob
0	“ lord , bless everything levi has .
0	moses said this about benjamin :
0	moses said this about joseph :
0	let the sun give them good fruit .
0	let the hills and ancient mountains
0	let the earth give its best to joseph .
0	joseph is like a powerful bull .
0	moses said this about zebulun :
0	they will call the people to their mountain .
0	moses said this about gad :
0	he chose the best part for himself .
0	moses said this about dan :
0	moses said this about naphtali :
0	moses said this about asher :
0	your gates will have locks made from iron and bronze .
0	“ there is no one like the god of israel !
0	so israel will live in safety .
0	israel , you are blessed .
0	he showed him all the land of naphtali , ephraim , and manasseh . he showed him all the land of judah as far as the mediterranean sea .
0	he showed moses the negev and the valley that goes from zoar to jericho , the city of palm trees .
0	then moses , the lord ’ s servant , died there in the land of moab . the lord had told moses this would happen .
0	he buried moses in moab . this was in the valley across from beth peor . but even today , no one knows exactly where moses ’ grave is .
0	moses was 120 years old when he died . he was as strong as ever , and his eyes were still good .
0	the israelites cried for moses for 30 days . they stayed in the jordan valley in moab until the time of sadness was finished .
0	israel never had another prophet like moses : the lord knew moses face to face .
0	the lord sent moses to do powerful miracles in the land of egypt . pharaoh , all his officers , and all the people in egypt saw those miracles .
0	no other prophet ever did as many powerful and amazing things as moses did for the israelites to see .
0	these are the words from the teacher , a son of david and king of jerusalem .
0	everything is so meaningless . the teacher says that it is all a waste of time !
0	do people really gain anything from all the hard work they do in this life ?
0	people live and people die , but the earth continues forever .
0	the sun rises and the sun goes down , and then it hurries to rise again in the same place .
0	all rivers flow again and again to the same place . they all flow to the sea , but the sea never becomes full .
0	someone might say , “ look , this is new , ” but that thing has always been here . it was here before we were .
0	i , the teacher , was king over israel in jerusalem .
0	i looked at everything done on earth , and i saw that it is all a waste of time . it is like trying to catch the wind .
0	if something is crooked , you can not say it is straight . and if something is missing , you can not say it is there .
0	with much wisdom comes frustration . the one who gains more wisdom also gains more sorrow .
0	i said to myself , “ i should have fun—i should enjoy everything as much as i can. ” but i learned that this is also useless .
0	it is foolish to laugh all the time . having fun does not do any good .
0	then i began doing great things . i built houses , and i planted vineyards for myself .
0	i planted gardens , and i made parks . i planted all kinds of fruit trees .
0	i made pools of water for myself , and i used them to water my growing trees .
0	i became very rich and famous . i was greater than anyone who lived in jerusalem before me . my wisdom was always there to help me .
0	i saw that wisdom is better than foolishness in the same way that light is better than darkness .
0	wise people use their minds like eyes to see where they are going . but for fools , it is as if they are walking in the dark .
0	this made me hate life . it was depressing to think that everything in this life is useless , like trying to catch the wind .
0	so i became sad about all the work i had done .
0	what do people really have after all their work and struggling in this life ?
0	there is a right time for everything , and everything on earth will happen at the right time .
0	there is a time to be born
0	there is a time to kill
0	there is a time to cry
0	there is a time to throw weapons down
0	there is a time to look for something
0	there is a time to tear cloth
0	there is a time to love
0	do people really gain anything from their hard work ?
0	i saw all the hard work god gave us to do .
0	i learned that the best thing for people to do is to be happy and enjoy themselves as long as they live .
0	god wants everyone to eat , drink , and enjoy their work . these are gifts from god .
0	what happened in the past has happened , and what will happen in the future will happen . but god wants to help those who have been treated badly .
0	i also saw these things in this life : i saw that the courts should be filled with goodness and fairness , but there is evil there now .
0	i thought about what people do to each other . and i said to myself , “ god wants people to see that they are like animals .
0	i decided that it is better for those who have died than for those who are still alive .
0	and it is even better for those who die at birth , because they never saw the evil that is done in this world .
0	some people say , “ it is foolish to fold your hands and do nothing . if you don ’ t work , you will starve to death . ”
0	maybe that is true . but i say it is better to be satisfied with the few things you have than to always be struggling to get more .
0	again i saw something else that didn ’ t make sense :
0	two people are better than one . when two people work together , they get more work done .
0	if one person falls , the other person can reach out to help . but those who are alone when they fall have no one to help them .
0	if two people sleep together , they will be warm . but a person sleeping alone will not be warm .
0	a young leader who is poor but wise is better than a king who is old but foolish . that old king does not listen to warnings .
0	maybe the young ruler was born a poor man in the kingdom . and maybe he came from prison to rule the country .
0	but i have watched people in this life , and i know this : people will follow that young man . he will become the new king .
0	bad dreams come from too many worries ,
0	it is better to promise nothing than to promise something and not be able to do it .
0	you should not let your useless dreams and bragging bring you trouble . you should respect god .
0	even the king is a slave—his country owns him .
0	there is a very sad thing that i have seen happen in this life . people save their money for the future .
0	then something bad happens and they lose everything . so they have nothing to give to their children .
0	it is very sad that people leave the world just as they came . so what does a person gain from “ trying to catch the wind ” ?
0	they only get days that are filled with sadness and sorrow . in the end , they are troubled , sick , and angry .
0	i have seen another thing in this life that is not fair and is very hard to understand .
0	it is senseless when a baby is born dead . the baby is quickly buried in a dark grave , without even a name .
0	the baby never saw the sun and never knew anything . but the baby finds more rest than the man who never enjoyed what god gave him .
0	people work and work to feed themselves , but they are never satisfied .
0	a good reputation is better than expensive pleasures .
0	it is better to go to a funeral than to a party ,
0	sorrow is even better than laughter ,
0	a wise person thinks about death ,
0	it is better to be criticized by the wise
0	the laughter of fools is such a waste .
0	even the wise will forget their wisdom ,
0	it is better to finish something
0	don ’ t become angry quickly ,
0	don ’ t say , “ life was better in the ‘ good old days . ’
0	wisdom is better if you also have property . wise people will get more than enough wealth .
0	wisdom and money can protect you . but knowledge gained through wisdom is even better—it can save your life .
0	look at what god has made . you can not change a thing , even if you think it is wrong .
0	in my short life , i have seen everything . i have seen good people die young , and i have seen evil people live long lives .
0	try to be a little of this and a little of that . even god ’ s followers will do some good things and some bad things .
0	surely there is no one on earth who always does good and never sins . but wisdom can make one person stronger than ten leaders in a city .
0	don ’ t listen to everything people say . you might hear your own servant saying bad things about you .
0	and you know that many times you too have said bad things about other people .
0	i used my wisdom and thought about all these things . i wanted to be wise , but i couldn ’ t do it .
0	i can not understand why things are as they are . it is too hard for anyone to understand .
0	i studied and i tried very hard to find true wisdom . i tried to find a reason for everything .
0	“ there is one other thing i have learned . god made people good , but they have found many ways to be bad . ”
0	no one can understand and explain things the way wise people can . their wisdom makes them happy . it changes a sad face into a happy one .
0	i say you should always obey the king ’ s command . do this because you made a promise to god .
0	he has the authority to give commands , and no one can tell him what to do .
0	there is a right time and a right way to do everything . you must decide what you should do , even when it might cause problems
0	and you are not sure what will happen . no one can tell you what will happen in the future .
0	a sinner might do a hundred evil things and still live a long time . but i know that it is still better to obey and respect god .
0	i carefully studied the things people do in this life . i saw how busy people are . they work day and night , and they almost never sleep .
0	there is hope for those who are still alive—it does not matter who they are . but this saying is true :
0	the living know that they will die , but the dead don ’ t know anything . they have no more reward . people will soon forget them .
0	after people are dead , their love , hate , and jealousy are all gone . and they will never again share in what happens on earth .
0	so go and eat your food now and enjoy it . drink your wine and be happy . it is all right with god if you do these things .
0	wear nice clothes and make yourself look good .
0	i also saw a person doing a wise thing in this life , and it seemed very important to me .
0	there was a small town with a few people in it . a great king fought against that town and put his armies all around it .
0	words spoken by the wise are heard more clearly
0	wisdom is better than weapons of war ,
0	a few dead flies will make even the best perfume stink . in the same way , a little foolishness can ruin much wisdom and honor .
0	the thoughts of the wise lead them the right way , but the thoughts of the foolish lead them the wrong way .
0	fools show how foolish they are , just walking down the road . their minds are empty , and everyone knows it .
0	don ’ t quit your job simply because the boss is angry with you . if you remain calm and helpful , you can correct even great mistakes .
0	here is something else that i have seen in this life that isn ’ t fair . it is the kind of mistake that rulers make .
0	fools are given important positions , while the rich get jobs that are not important .
0	i have seen servants riding on horses , while rulers were walking beside them like slaves .
0	if you dig a hole , you might fall into it . if you break down a wall , you might be bitten by a snake .
0	someone might know how to control snakes . but that skill is useless if a snake bites when that person is not around .
0	words from the wise bring praise ,
0	fools begin by saying something foolish . but in the end , they speak nonsense .
0	fools are always talking about what they will do , but you never know what will happen . people can not tell what will happen in the future .
0	fools aren ’ t smart enough to find their way home ,
0	if someone is too lazy to work ,
0	people enjoy eating , and wine makes life happier . but money solves a lot of problems .
0	do good wherever you go . after a while , the good you do will come back to you .
0	invest what you have in several different things . you don ’ t know what bad things might happen on earth .
0	it is good to be alive . it is nice to see the light from the sun .
0	remember your creator while you are young , before the bad times come—before the years come when you say , “ i have wasted my life . ”
0	remember your creator while you are young ,
0	your body came from the earth .
0	everything is so meaningless . the teacher says that it is all a waste of time !
0	the teacher was very wise . he used his wisdom to teach the people . he very carefully studied and arranged many wise teachings .
0	the teacher tried very hard to find the right words , and he wrote the teachings that are true and dependable .
0	greetings from paul , an apostle of christ jesus . i am an apostle because that is what god wanted .
0	grace and peace to you from god our father and the lord jesus christ .
0	praise be to the god and father of our lord jesus christ . in christ , god has given us every spiritual blessing in heaven .
0	in christ we are made free by his blood sacrifice . we have forgiveness of sins because of god ’ s rich grace .
0	god gave us that grace fully and freely . with full wisdom and understanding
0	he let us know his secret plan . this was what god wanted , and he planned to do it through christ .
0	we jews were the first to hope in christ . and we were chosen so that we would bring praise to god in all his glory .
0	and you will know that god ’ s power is very great for us who believe . it is the same as the mighty power
0	he used to raise christ from death and put him at his right side in the heavenly places .
0	god put everything under christ ’ s power and made him head over everything for the church .
0	the church is christ ’ s body . it is filled with him . he makes everything complete in every way .
0	in the past you were spiritually dead because of your sins and the things you did against god .
0	but god is rich in mercy , and he loved us very much .
0	yes , it is because we are a part of christ jesus that god raised us from death and seated us together with him in the heavenly places .
0	god did this so that his kindness to us who belong to christ jesus would clearly show for all time to come the amazing richness of his grace .
0	i mean that you have been saved by grace because you believed . you did not save yourselves ; it was a gift from god .
0	you are not saved by the things you have done , so there is nothing to boast about .
0	yes , through christ we all have the right to come to the father in one spirit .
0	the whole building is joined together in christ , and he makes it grow and become a holy temple in the lord .
0	and in christ you are being built together with his other people . you are being made into a place where god lives through the spirit .
0	so i , paul , am a prisoner because i serve christ jesus for you who are not jews .
0	surely you know that god gave me this work through his grace to help you .
0	god let me know his secret plan by showing it to me . i have already written a little about this .
0	and if you read what i wrote , you can see that i understand the secret truth about christ .
0	by god ’ s special gift of grace , i became a servant to tell that good news . he gave me that grace by using his power .
0	this agrees with the plan god had since the beginning of time . he did what he planned , and he did it through christ jesus our lord .
0	in christ we come before god with freedom and without fear . we can do this because of our faith in christ .
0	so i ask you not to be discouraged because of what is happening to me . my sufferings are for your benefit—for your honor and glory .
0	so i bow in prayer before the father .
0	every family in heaven and on earth gets its true name from him .
0	i ask the father with his great glory to give you the power to be strong in your spirits . he will give you that strength through his spirit .
0	i pray that christ will live in your hearts because of your faith . i pray that your life will be strong in love and be built on love .
0	with god ’ s power working in us , he can do much , much more than anything we can ask or think of .
0	to him be glory in the church and in christ jesus for all time , forever and ever . amen .
0	always be humble and gentle . be patient and accept each other with love .
0	you are joined together with peace through the spirit . do all you can to continue as you are , letting peace hold you together .
0	there is one body and one spirit , and god chose you to have one hope .
0	there is one lord , one faith , and one baptism .
0	there is one god and father of us all , who rules over everyone . he works through all of us and in all of us .
0	christ gave each one of us a special gift . everyone received what he wanted to give them .
0	that is why the scriptures say ,
0	when it says , “ he went up , ” what does it mean ? it means that he first came down low to earth .
0	so christ came down , and he is the same one who went up . he went up above the highest heaven in order to fill everything with himself .
0	christ gave these gifts to prepare god ’ s holy people for the work of serving , to make the body of christ stronger .
0	no , we will speak the truth with love . we will grow to be like christ in every way . he is the head ,
0	they have no understanding , and they know nothing because they refuse to listen . so they can not have the life that god gives .
0	they have lost their feeling of shame and use their lives to do what is morally wrong . more and more they want to do all kinds of evil .
0	but that way of life is nothing like what you learned when you came to know christ .
0	i know that you heard about him , and in him you were taught the truth . yes , the truth is in jesus .
0	you must be made new in your hearts and in your thinking .
0	be that new person who was made to be like god , truly good and pleasing to him .
0	“ when you are angry , don ’ t let that anger make you sin , ” and don ’ t stay angry all day .
0	don ’ t give the devil a way to defeat you .
0	never be bitter , angry , or mad . never shout angrily or say things to hurt others . never do anything evil .
0	be kind and loving to each other . forgive each other the same as god forgave you through christ .
0	you are god ’ s dear children , so try to be like him .
0	live a life of love . love others just as christ loved us . he gave himself for us—a sweet-smelling offering and sacrifice to god .
0	don ’ t let anyone fool you with words that are not true . god gets very angry when people who don ’ t obey him talk like that .
0	so don ’ t have anything to do with them .
0	in the past you were full of darkness , but now you are full of light in the lord . so live like children who belong to the light .
0	this light produces every kind of goodness , right living , and truth .
0	try to learn what pleases the lord .
0	have no part in the things that people in darkness do , which produce nothing good . instead , tell everyone how wrong those things are .
0	actually , it is shameful to even talk about the things those people do in secret .
0	but the light makes clear how wrong those things are .
0	yes , everything is made clear by the light . this is why we say ,
0	so be very careful how you live . live wisely , not like fools .
0	i mean that you should use every opportunity you have for doing good , because these are evil times .
0	so don ’ t be foolish with your lives , but learn what the lord wants you to do .
0	don ’ t be drunk with wine , which will ruin your life , but be filled with the spirit .
0	encourage each other with psalms , hymns , and spiritual songs . sing and make music in your hearts to the lord .
0	always give thanks to god the father for everything in the name of our lord jesus christ .
0	be willing to serve each other out of respect for christ .
0	wives , be willing to serve your husbands the same as the lord .
0	the church serves under christ , so it is the same with you wives . you should be willing to serve your husbands in everything .
0	husbands , love your wives the same as christ loved the church and gave his life for it .
0	he died to make the church holy . he used the telling of the good news to make the church clean by washing it with water .
0	and husbands should love their wives like that . they should love their wives as they love their own bodies . the man who loves his wife loves himself ,
0	because no one ever hates his own body , but feeds and takes care of it . and that is what christ does for the church
0	because we are parts of his body .
0	the scriptures say , “ that is why a man will leave his father and mother and join his wife , and the two people will become one . ”
0	that secret truth is very important—i am talking about christ and the church .
0	but each one of you must love his wife as he loves himself . and a wife must respect her husband .
0	children , obey your parents the way the lord wants , because this is the right thing to do .
0	the command says , “ you must respect your father and mother. ” this is the first command that has a promise with it .
0	and this is the promise : “ then all will go well with you , and you will have a long life on the earth . ”
0	fathers , don ’ t make your children angry , but raise them with the kind of teaching and training you learn from the lord .
0	slaves , obey your masters here on earth with fear and respect . and do this with a heart that is true , just as you obey christ .
0	do your work , and be happy to do it . work as though it is the lord you are serving , not just an earthly master .
0	remember that the lord will give everyone a reward for doing good . everyone , slave or free , will get a reward for the good things they do .
0	to end my letter i tell you , be strong in the lord and in his great power .
0	wear the full armor of god . wear god ’ s armor so that you can fight against the devil ’ s clever tricks .
0	so stand strong with the belt of truth tied around your waist , and on your chest wear the protection of right living .
0	on your feet wear the good news of peace to help you stand strong .
0	and also use the shield of faith with which you can stop all the burning arrows that come from the evil one .
0	accept god ’ s salvation as your helmet . and take the sword of the spirit—that sword is the teaching of god .
0	also pray for me—that when i speak , god will give me words so that i can tell the secret truth about the good news without fear .
0	that ’ s why i am sending him—to let you know how we are and to encourage you .
0	i pray that god the father and the lord jesus christ will give peace and love with faith to all the brothers and sisters there .
0	god ’ s grace to all of you who love our lord jesus christ with love that never ends .
0	this is what happened during the time when xerxes was king . xerxes ruled over the 127 provinces from india to ethiopia .
0	king xerxes ruled from his throne in the capital city of susa .
0	wine was served in golden cups , and every cup was different . there was plenty of the king ’ s wine , because the king was very generous .
0	queen vashti also gave a party for the women in the king ’ s palace .
0	but when the eunuchs told queen vashti about the king ’ s command , she refused to come . then the king was very angry .
0	the king and his important officials were happy with this advice , so king xerxes did as memucan suggested .
0	later , king xerxes stopped being angry . then he remembered vashti and what she had done . he remembered his commands about her .
0	then the king ’ s personal servants had a suggestion . they said , “ search for beautiful young virgins for the king .
0	mordecai had been carried into captivity from jerusalem by king nebuchadnezzar of babylon . he was with the group that was taken into captivity with king jehoiachin of judah .
0	esther didn ’ t tell anyone she was a jew . she didn ’ t tell anyone about her family background , because mordecai had told her not to .
0	when her time came to go in to the king , she could choose to wear or take whatever she wanted from the women ’ s living area .
0	mordecai was sitting next to the king ’ s gate at the time the young women were gathered together the second time .
0	when haman saw that mordecai refused to bow down to him or give him honor , he was very angry .
0	so the king took the official ring off his finger and gave it to haman son of hammedatha the agagite . haman was the enemy of the jews .
0	then the king said to haman , “ keep the money . do what you want with them . ”
0	but mordecai went only as far as the king ’ s gate . no one was allowed to enter the gate dressed in sackcloth .
0	so hathach went out to where mordecai was in the open place of the city in front of the king ’ s gate .
0	hathach went back and told esther everything mordecai had said .
0	then esther told hathach to say this to mordecai :
0	so mordecai went away and did everything esther told him to do .
0	esther said , “ i have prepared a party for you and haman . will you and haman please come to the party today ? ”
0	then the king said , “ bring haman quickly so that we may do what esther asks . ”
0	esther answered , “ this is what i want to ask for :
0	but haman controlled his anger and went home . then haman called together his friends and his wife , zeresh .
0	but all this means nothing to me . i can not be happy as long as i see that jew mordecai sitting at the king ’ s gate . ”
0	then the king asked , “ what honor and good things have been given to mordecai for this ? ”
0	the king ’ s servants said , “ haman is standing in the courtyard . ”
0	so haman answered the king , “ do this for the man the king loves to honor :
0	after that mordecai went back to the king ’ s gate , but haman hurried home with his head covered because he was embarrassed and ashamed .
0	so the king and haman went to eat with queen esther .
0	then king xerxes asked queen esther , “ who did this to you ? where is the man who dared to do such a thing to your people ? ”
0	esther said , “ the man against us , our enemy , is this wicked haman . ”
0	so they hanged haman on the hanging post he had built for mordecai . then the king stopped being angry .
0	then the king held out the gold scepter to esther . esther got up and stood in front of the king .
0	it was an especially happy day for the jews , a day of great joy and happiness .
0	the jews defeated all their enemies . they used swords to kill and destroy them . they did what they wanted to the people who hated them .
0	they killed and destroyed 500 men in the capital city of susa .
0	they also killed these men : parshandatha , dalphon , aspatha ,
0	poratha , adalia , aridatha ,
0	parmashta , arisai , aridai , and vaizatha .
0	that day the king heard how many men had been killed in the capital city of susa .
0	so the king gave the command that it should be done . so the law was given in susa , and they hanged haman ’ s ten sons .
0	this happened on the 13th day of the month adar . on the 14th day the jews rested and made that day a happy day of feasting .
0	he did this to tell the jews to celebrate purim every year on the 14th and 15th days of the month of adar .
0	so the jews agreed to do what mordecai had written to them . and they agreed to continue the celebration they had begun .
0	esther ’ s letter made the rules for purim official , and these things were written down in a book .
0	king xerxes made people pay taxes . all the people in the kingdom , even the faraway cities on the seacoast , had to pay taxes .
0	when jacob ( israel ) went to egypt , his sons and their families went with him . here are the names of those sons :
0	reuben , simeon , levi , judah ,
0	issachar , zebulun , benjamin ,
0	dan , naphtali , gad , and asher .
0	another son , joseph , was already in egypt . so jacob ’ s whole family was with him in egypt—70 descendants in all .
0	later , joseph , his brothers , and all the people of that generation died .
0	but the israelites had many children , and their number grew until the country of egypt was filled with them .
0	then a new king began to rule egypt . he did not know joseph .
0	this king said to his people , “ look at the israelites . there are too many of them , and they are stronger than we are !
0	so the egyptians made them work even harder .
0	there were two hebrew nurses who helped the israelite women give birth . they were named shiphrah and puah . the king of egypt said to the nurses ,
0	but the nurses trusted god , so they did not obey the king ’ s command . they let all the baby boys live .
0	the king of egypt called for the nurses and asked them , “ why did you do this ? why did you let the baby boys live ? ”
0	the nurses trusted god , so he was good to them and allowed them to have their own families .
0	there was a man from the family of levi who decided to marry a woman from the tribe of levi .
0	she became pregnant and gave birth to a baby boy . the mother saw how beautiful the baby was and hid him for three months .
0	the baby ’ s sister stayed and watched to see what would happen to the baby .
0	the king ’ s daughter said , “ yes , please . ”
0	moses looked around and saw that no one was watching , so he killed the egyptian and buried him in the sand .
0	pharaoh heard about what moses did , so he decided to kill him . but moses ran away from pharaoh and went to the land of midian .
0	then they went back to their father , reuel . he asked them , “ why have you come home early today ? ”
0	the girls answered , “ the shepherds chased us away , but an egyptian rescued us . he got water for us and gave it to our animals . ”
0	so reuel said to his daughters , “ where is this man ? why did you leave him ? go invite him to eat with us . ”
0	moses was happy to stay with that man . reuel let moses marry his daughter , zipporah .
0	zipporah became pregnant and had a son . moses named him gershom because moses was a stranger in a land that was not his own .
0	god heard their painful cries and remembered the agreement he made with abraham , isaac , and jacob .
0	god saw the troubles of the israelites , and he knew that he would soon help them .
0	on that mountain , moses saw the angel of the lord in a burning bush .
0	so he decided to go closer to the bush and see how a bush could continue burning without being burned up .
0	the lord saw moses was coming to look at the bush . so he called to him from the bush . he said , “ moses , moses ! ”
0	then god said , “ don ’ t come any closer . take off your sandals . you are standing on holy ground .
0	i am the god of your ancestors . i am the god of abraham , the god of isaac , and the god of jacob . ”
0	i have heard the cries of the israelites , and i have seen the way the egyptians have made life hard for them .
0	so now i am sending you to pharaoh . go ! lead my people , the israelites , out of egypt . ”
0	“ but i know that the pharaoh will not let you go . only a great power will force him to let you go ,
0	and i will cause the egyptians to be kind to the israelites . they will give many gifts to your people when they leave egypt .
0	but the lord said to moses , “ what is that you have in your hand ? ”
0	then god said , “ throw your walking stick on the ground . ”
0	but the lord said to him , “ reach out and grab the snake by its tail . ”
0	then the lord said to moses , “ i will give you another proof . put your hand under your robe . ”
0	so go . i will be with you when you speak . i will give you the words to say . ”
0	but moses said , “ my lord , i beg you to send someone else , not me . ”
0	so aaron will speak for you . like god , you will speak to him , and he will tell the people what you say .
0	so go and carry your walking stick with you . use it and the other miracles to show the people that i am with you . ”
0	so moses put his wife and children on the donkey and returned to egypt . he carried his walking stick with him—the walking stick with the power of god .
0	then you should say to pharaoh , ‘ this is what the lord says : israel is my firstborn son .
0	on the way to egypt , moses stopped at a place to spend the night . the lord met moses at that place and tried to kill him .
0	zipporah said this because she had to circumcise her son . so god let moses live .
0	moses told aaron everything the lord had commanded him to say and all the miracles he must do to prove that god had sent him .
0	so moses and aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the israelites .
0	then aaron spoke to the people and told them everything the lord had told moses . then moses did the miracles for all the people to see ,
0	but pharaoh said to them , “ moses and aaron , you are bothering the workers . let them do their work . go back to your own work !
0	there are very many workers , and you are keeping them from doing their jobs . ”
0	that same day pharaoh gave a command to the slave masters and hebrew foremen .
0	so make these people work harder . keep them busy . then they will not have enough time to listen to the lies of moses . ”
0	you must go and get the straw for yourselves . so go and find straw , but you must still make as many bricks as you made before . ”
0	so the people went everywhere in egypt looking for straw .
0	the slave masters forced the people to work even harder . they forced the people to make as many bricks as before .
0	then the hebrew foremen went to pharaoh . they complained and said , “ we are your servants . why are you treating us like this ?
0	now , go back to work ! we will not give you any straw . and you must still make as many bricks as you did before . ”
0	the hebrew foremen knew they were in trouble , because the pharaoh had told them , “ you must still make as many bricks as you made before . ”
0	when they were leaving the meeting with pharaoh , they passed moses and aaron . moses and aaron were waiting for them .
0	then moses prayed to the lord and said , “ lord , why have you done this terrible thing to your people ? why did you send me here ?
0	then god said to moses , “ i am the lord .
0	i appeared to abraham , isaac , and jacob . they called me god all-powerful . they did not know my name , the lord .
0	i made an agreement with them . i promised to give them the land of canaan . they lived in that land , but it was not their own .
0	now , i have heard their painful cries . i know that they are slaves in egypt . and i remember my agreement .
0	so moses told this to the israelites , but the people would not listen to him . they were working so hard that they were not patient with moses .
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	“ go tell pharaoh that he must let the israelites leave his land . ”
0	these are the names of the leaders of the families of israel :
0	simeon ’ s sons were jemuel , jamin , ohad , jakin , zohar , and shaul . ( shaul was the son from a canaanite woman ) .
0	levi lived 137 years . his sons were gershon , kohath , and merari .
0	gershon had two sons , libni and shimei .
0	kohath lived 133 years . his sons were amram , izhar , hebron , and uzziel .
0	merari ’ s sons were mahli and mushi .
0	amram lived 137 years . he married his father ’ s sister , jochebed . amram and jochebed gave birth to aaron and moses .
0	izhar ’ s sons were korah , nepheg , and zicri .
0	uzziel ’ s sons were mishael , elzaphan , and sithri .
0	the sons of korah ( that is , the ancestors of the korahites ) were assir , elkanah , and abiasaph .
0	aaron ’ s son , eleazar , married a daughter of putiel . she gave birth to phinehas .
0	aaron and moses are the men who talked to pharaoh , the king of egypt , and told him to let the israelites leave egypt .
0	the lord spoke to moses again in the land of egypt .
0	he said , “ i am the lord . tell the king of egypt everything i tell you . ”
0	you will tell aaron everything that i command you . then he will tell the king what i say . and pharaoh will let the israelites leave this country .
0	i will punish the people of egypt , and they will learn that i am the lord . then i will lead my people out of their country . ”
0	moses and aaron did what the lord told them .
0	moses was 80 years old at the time , and aaron was 83 .
0	the lord said to moses and aaron ,
0	so pharaoh called for his wise men and magicians . these men used their magic , and they were able to do the same thing as aaron .
0	they threw their walking sticks on the ground , and their sticks became snakes . but then aaron ’ s walking stick ate theirs .
0	pharaoh still refused to let the people go , just as the lord had said . pharaoh refused to listen to moses and aaron .
0	then the lord said to moses , “ pharaoh is being stubborn . he refuses to let the people go .
0	the magicians used their magic to do the same thing . so pharaoh refused to listen to moses and aaron . this happened just as the lord said .
0	pharaoh ignored what moses and aaron had done . he turned and went into his house .
0	the egyptians could not drink the water from the river , so they dug wells around the river for water to drink .
0	seven days passed after the lord changed the nile river .
0	then the lord told moses , “ go to pharaoh and tell him that the lord says , ‘ let my people go to worship me !
0	if you refuse to let my people go , then i will fill egypt with frogs .
0	the frogs will be all over you , your people , and your officials . ’ ”
0	so aaron raised his hand over the waters of egypt , and the frogs began coming out of the water and covered the land of egypt .
0	the magicians used their magic to do the same thing—so even more frogs came out onto the land in egypt !
0	pharaoh said , “ tomorrow . ”
0	the frogs will leave you , your house , your officials , and your people . they will remain only in the river . ”
0	moses and aaron left pharaoh . moses prayed to the lord about the frogs he had sent against pharaoh .
0	and the lord did what moses asked . the frogs died in the houses , in the yards , and in the fields .
0	they began to rot , and the whole country began to stink .
0	so the magicians told pharaoh that the power of god did this . but pharaoh refused to listen to them . this happened just as the lord had said .
0	so tomorrow i will treat my people differently from your people . this will be my proof . ’ ”
0	so pharaoh called for moses and aaron and told them , “ offer sacrifices to your god here in this country . ”
0	let us go three days into the desert and offer sacrifices to the lord our god . this is what he told us to do . ”
0	so moses left pharaoh and prayed to the lord .
0	and the lord did what moses asked . he removed the flies from pharaoh , his officials , and his people . none of the flies remained .
0	but pharaoh again became stubborn and did not let the people go .
0	if you continue to hold them and refuse to let them go ,
0	but the lord will treat israel ’ s animals differently from the animals of egypt . none of the animals that belong to the israelites will die .
0	the lord has set the time for this to happen . he said , ‘ tomorrow the lord will make this happen in this country . ’ ”
0	the magicians could not stop moses from doing this , because even the magicians had the sores . this happened everywhere in egypt .
0	but the lord made pharaoh stubborn , so he refused to listen to moses and aaron , just as the lord had said .
0	i could use my power and cause a disease that would wipe you and your people off the earth .
0	you are still against my people . you are not letting them go free .
0	some of pharaoh ’ s officials paid attention to the lord ’ s message . they quickly put all of their animals and slaves into houses .
0	but other people ignored the lord ’ s message and lost all their slaves and animals that were in the fields .
0	the hail was falling , and lightning was flashing all through it . it was the worst hailstorm that had ever hit egypt since it had become a nation .
0	the only place that did not get hail was the land of goshen , where the israelites lived .
0	pharaoh sent for moses and aaron and told them , “ this time i have sinned . the lord is right , and i and my people are wrong .
0	but i know that you and your officials don ’ t really fear and respect the lord yet . ”
0	the flax had already developed its seeds , and the barley was already blooming . so these plants were destroyed .
0	but wheat and spelt ripen later than the other grains , so these plants were not destroyed .
0	when pharaoh saw that the rain , hail , and thunder had stopped , he again did wrong . he and his officials became stubborn again .
0	pharaoh refused to let the israelites go free , just as the lord had said through moses .
0	if you refuse to let my people go , then tomorrow i will bring locusts into your country .
0	pharaoh quickly called for moses and aaron . pharaoh said , “ i have sinned against the lord your god and against you .
0	now , forgive me for my sins this time . ask the lord to remove this ‘ death ’ from me . ”
0	moses left pharaoh and prayed to the lord .
0	but the lord caused pharaoh to be stubborn again , and pharaoh did not let the israelites go .
0	then the lord told moses , “ raise your hand into the air and darkness will cover egypt . it will be so dark you can feel it ! ”
0	so moses raised his hand into the air and a cloud of darkness covered egypt . the darkness stayed in egypt for three days .
0	the lord made pharaoh stubborn again , so he refused to let them go .
0	then moses told pharaoh , “ you are right about one thing . i will not come to see you again . ”
0	moses said to the king , “ the lord says , ‘ at midnight tonight , i will go through egypt ,
0	the crying in egypt will be worse than at any time in the past or any time in the future .
0	then the lord told moses , “ the reason pharaoh did not listen to you is so that i could show my great power in egypt . ”
0	while moses and aaron were still in egypt , the lord spoke to them . he said ,
0	“ this month will be the first month of the year for you .
0	this command is for the whole community of israel : on the tenth day of this month each man must get one lamb for the people in his house .
0	the lamb must be a one-year-old male , and it must be completely healthy . this animal can be either a young sheep or a young goat .
0	you must collect the blood from these animals and put it on the top and sides of the doorframe of every house where the people eat this meal .
0	“ on this night you must roast the lamb and eat all the meat . you must also eat bitter herbs and bread made without yeast .
0	you must eat all the meat that night . if any of the meat is left until morning , you must burn it in the fire .
0	“ you will always remember tonight—it will be a special festival for you . your descendants will honor the lord with this festival forever .
0	during this festival you must not eat any yeast . you must eat bread without yeast wherever you live . ”
0	so moses called all the elders together and told them , “ get the lambs for your families . kill the lambs for the passover .
0	you must remember this command . this law is for you and your descendants forever .
0	you must remember to do this even when you go to the land the lord is giving you .
0	when your children ask you , ‘ why are we doing this ceremony ? ’
0	the lord had given this command to moses and aaron , so the israelites did what the lord commanded .
0	that night someone died in every house in egypt . pharaoh , his officials , and all the people of egypt began to cry loudly .
0	take all of your sheep and cattle with you , just as you said you would . go ! and say a blessing for me too . ”
0	the people of egypt also asked them to hurry and leave . they said , “ if you don ’ t leave , we will all die ! ”
0	the israelites did not have time to put the yeast in their bread . they just wrapped the bowls of dough with cloth and carried them on their shoulders .
0	then the israelites did what moses asked them to do . they went to their egyptian neighbors and asked for clothing and things made from silver and gold .
0	the lord caused the egyptians to be kind to the israelites , so the egyptians gave their riches to the israelites .
0	the israelites traveled from rameses to succoth . there were about 600,000 men , not counting the small boys .
0	a great number of people who were not israelites went with them , along with many sheep , cattle , and other livestock .
0	the israelites had lived in egypt for 430 years .
0	after 430 years , to the very day , all the armies of the lord left egypt .
0	the lord told moses and aaron , “ these are the rules for passover : no foreigner is allowed to eat the passover meal .
0	the whole community of israel must do this ceremony .
0	the same rules are for everyone . it doesn ’ t matter if they are citizens or foreigners living among you . ”
0	so all the israelites obeyed the commands that the lord gave to moses and aaron .
0	on that same day the lord led all the israelites out of the country of egypt . the people left in groups .
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	today , in the month of abib , you are leaving egypt .
0	“ for seven days , you must eat only bread without yeast . on the seventh day there will be a great festival to show honor to the lord .
0	so for seven days , you must not eat any bread made with yeast . there must be no bread with yeast any place in your land .
0	on this day you should tell your children , ‘ we are having this festival because the lord took me out of egypt . ’
0	so remember this festival every year at the right time .
0	you must remember to give the lord every firstborn boy . and every male animal that is the firstborn must also be given to the lord .
0	so god led them another way through the desert by the red sea . the israelites were dressed for war when they left egypt .
0	the israelites left succoth and camped at etham . etham was near the desert .
0	the cloud was always with them during the day , and the column of fire was always with them at night .
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the people to go back to pi hahiroth . tell them to spend the night between migdol and the red sea , near baal zephon .
0	pharaoh will think that the israelites are lost in the desert and that the people will have no place to go .
0	so pharaoh prepared his chariot and took his men with him .
0	he took 600 of his best men and all of his chariots . there was an officer in each chariot .
0	when the israelites saw pharaoh and his army coming toward them , they were very frightened and cried to the lord for help .
0	you will not have to do anything but stay calm . the lord will do the fighting for you . ”
0	then the lord said to moses , “ why are you still crying to me ? tell the israelites to start moving .
0	raise the walking stick in your hand over the red sea , and the sea will split . then the people can go across on dry land .
0	then egypt will know that i am the lord . they will honor me when i defeat pharaoh and his horse soldiers and chariots . ”
0	the israelites went through the sea on dry land . the water was like a wall on their right and on their left .
0	then all of pharaoh ’ s chariots and horse soldiers followed them into the sea .
0	early that morning the lord looked down from the tall cloud and column of fire at the egyptian army . then he made them panic .
0	then the lord told moses , “ raise your hand over the sea to make the water fall and cover the egyptian chariots and horse soldiers . ”
0	but the israelites crossed the sea on dry land . the water was like a wall on their right and on their left .
0	then moses and the israelites began singing this song to the lord :
0	the lord is my strength .
0	the lord is a great soldier .
0	he threw pharaoh ’ s chariots
0	the deep water covered them ,
0	“ lord , your right hand is amazingly strong .
0	in your great majesty you destroyed
0	the wind you sent in anger
0	“ the enemy said ,
0	but you blew on them
0	“ are there any gods like the lord ?
0	you raised your right hand to punish the enemy ,
0	“ the other nations will hear this story ,
0	the commanders of edom will tremble .
0	they will be filled with fear
0	you will lead your people
0	“ the lord will rule forever and ever ! ”
0	then aaron ’ s sister , the woman prophet miriam , took a tambourine . she and the women began singing and dancing .
0	miriam repeated the words ,
0	the people began complaining to moses . they said , “ now what will we drink ? ”
0	then the whole community of israelites began complaining again . they complained to moses and aaron in the desert .
0	then moses said to aaron , “ tell the whole community of israelites to come together before the lord , because he has heard their complaints . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	that evening , flocks of quail came and filled the camp , and in the morning dew lay on the ground all around it .
0	after the dew was gone , something like thin flakes of frost was on the ground .
0	the lord says , ‘ each of you should gather what you need , a basket of manna for everyone in your family . ’ ”
0	so that is what the israelites did . some people gathered a large amount , some people gathered a little .
0	but when they measured what they had gathered , there was no shortage and there was none left over . everyone gathered just what they needed .
0	moses told them , “ don ’ t save that food to eat the next day . ”
0	every morning the people gathered as much food as they could eat , but by noon the food melted and was gone .
0	on friday the people gathered twice as much food—two baskets for every person . so all the leaders of the people came and told this to moses .
0	on saturday , some of the people went out to gather some of the food , but they could not find any .
0	then the lord said to moses , “ how long will you people refuse to obey my commands and teachings ?
0	so the people rested on the sabbath .
0	the people called the special food “ manna. ” it was like small white coriander seeds and tasted like thin cakes made with honey .
0	( aaron did what the lord had commanded moses . aaron put the jar of manna in front of the box of the agreement . )
0	( the measure they used for the manna was an omer . an omer was about 8 cups . )
0	so they turned against moses and started arguing with him . they said , “ give us water to drink . ”
0	so moses cried to the lord , “ what can i do with these people ? they are ready to kill me . ”
0	at rephidim the amalekites came and fought against the israelites .
0	so joshua and his men defeated the amalekites in this battle .
0	then moses built an altar and named it , “ the lord is my flag . ”
0	moses said , “ i lifted my hands toward the lord ’ s throne . so the lord fought against the amalekites , as he always has . ”
0	so jethro went to moses while moses was camped in the desert near the mountain of god . moses ’ wife and his two sons were with jethro .
0	jethro sent a message to moses that said , “ this is your father-in-law jethro . i am bringing your wife and her two sons to you . ”
0	he said , “ praise the lord ! he freed you from the power of egypt . he saved you from pharaoh .
0	now i know the lord is greater than all the gods . they thought they were in control , but look what god did ! ”
0	the next day , moses had the special job of judging the people . there were so many people that they had to stand before him all day .
0	then moses said to his father-in-law , “ the people come to me and ask me to ask for god ’ s decision for their problem .
0	but moses ’ father-in-law said to him , “ this isn ’ t the right way to do this .
0	but you should also choose some of the people to be judges and leaders .
0	so moses did what jethro told him .
0	these rulers were judges for the people . the people could always bring their arguments to these rulers , and moses had to decide only the most important cases .
0	after a short time moses said goodbye to his father-in-law jethro , and jethro went back to his own home .
0	the israelites reached the desert of sinai in the third month of their trip from egypt .
0	they had traveled from rephidim to the sinai desert . the israelites camped in the desert near mount sinai .
0	you will be a special nation—a kingdom of priests. ’ moses , you must tell the israelites what i have said . ”
0	so moses climbed down the mountain and called the elders of the people together . moses told the elders everything the lord had commanded him to tell them .
0	all the people spoke at the same time and said , “ we will obey everything the lord says . ”
0	and the lord said to moses , “ today and tomorrow you must prepare the people for a special meeting . they must wash their clothes
0	so moses climbed down the mountain and went to the people . he got them ready for the special meeting and they washed their clothes .
0	then moses said to the people , “ be ready for the meeting with god in three days . until that time do not have sexual relations . ”
0	then moses led the people out of the camp to a place near the mountain to meet god .
0	the noise from the trumpet became louder and louder . every time moses spoke to god , god answered him with a voice like thunder .
0	so moses went down to the people and told them these things .
0	these are the things god told his people :
0	“ i am the lord your god . i am the one who freed you from the land of egypt , where you were slaves .
0	“ you must not worship any other gods except me .
0	but i will be very kind to people who love me and obey my commands . i will be kind to their families for thousands of generations .
0	“ you must not use the name of the lord your god to make empty promises . if you do , the lord will not let you go unpunished .
0	“ you must remember to keep the sabbath a special day .
0	you may work six days a week to do your job .
0	“ you must not murder anyone .
0	“ you must not commit adultery .
0	“ you must not steal anything .
0	“ you must not tell lies about other people .
0	the people stood far away from the mountain while moses went to the dark cloud where god was .
0	then the lord told moses to say this to the israelites : “ you people have seen that i talked with you from heaven .
0	so you must not make idols using gold or silver to compete with me . you must not make these false gods .
0	then god said to moses , “ these are the other laws that you will give to the people :
0	if the master promised to let the slave woman marry his son , he must treat her like a daughter , not like a slave .
0	“ whoever hits and kills someone must be killed too .
0	but whoever plans to kill someone out of anger or hatred must be punished . take them away from my altar and kill them .
0	“ whoever hits their father or their mother must be killed .
0	“ whoever steals someone to sell them as a slave or to keep them for their own slave must be killed .
0	“ whoever curses their father or mother must be killed .
0	“ sometimes people beat their slaves . if the slave dies after being beaten , the killer must be punished .
0	you must trade an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth , a hand for a hand , a foot for a foot ,
0	a burn for a burn , a bruise for a bruise , a cut for a cut .
0	“ this same law must be followed if the bull kills someone ’ s son or daughter .
0	if you don ’ t find the thief , then the owner of the house must go before the judges who will decide if that person is guilty .
0	but if the neighbor stole the animal , then he must pay the owner for the animal .
0	if the father refuses to allow his daughter to marry him , then the man must still pay the full amount for her .
0	“ you must not allow any woman to do evil magic . if she does magic , you must not let her live .
0	“ you must not allow anyone to have sexual relations with an animal . if this happens , that person must be killed .
0	“ whoever makes a sacrifice to a false god should be destroyed . the lord is the only one you should make sacrifices to .
0	“ you must never do anything bad to women whose husbands are dead or to orphans .
0	if you do anything wrong to these widows or orphans , i will know it . i will hear about their suffering .
0	and i will be very angry . i will kill you with a sword . then your wives will become widows , and your children will become orphans .
0	you might take their cloak to make sure they pay the money back , but you must give that cloak back to them before sunset .
0	“ you must not curse god or the leaders of your people .
0	“ at harvest time you should give me the first grain and the first juice from your fruit . don ’ t wait until late in the year .
0	“ don ’ t tell lies against other people . if you are a witness in court , don ’ t agree to help a bad person tell lies .
0	“ in court , don ’ t treat a person in a special way simply because that person is poor .
0	“ if you see a lost bull or donkey , then you must return it to its owner—even if the owner is your enemy .
0	“ in court , don ’ t let anyone take advantage of a person simply because that person is poor .
0	“ plant seeds , harvest your crops , and work the ground for six years .
0	“ be sure that you obey all these laws . don ’ t worship false gods . you should not even speak their names !
0	“ you will have three special festivals each year . you must come to my special place to worship me during these festivals .
0	“ so three times each year all the men will come to the special place to be with the lord god .
0	“ when you gather your crops at harvest time , you should bring the first of everything you harvest to the house of the lord your god .
0	“ i am sending an angel before you to protect you along the way and to lead you to the place that i have prepared for you .
0	your women will all be able to have babies . none of their babies will die at birth . and i will allow you to live long lives .
0	i will send the hornet in front of you . he will force your enemies to leave . the hivites , canaanites , and hittites will leave your country .
0	so i will force them out of your land very slowly . i will do this as you grow and eventually take the land to be your own .
0	“ you must not make any agreements with any of those people or their gods .
0	then moses sent young men of israel to offer sacrifices . these men offered bulls to the lord as burnt offerings and fellowship offerings .
0	moses saved the blood from these animals . he put half of the blood in bowls , and he poured the other half of the blood on the altar .
0	then moses , aaron , nadab , abihu , and the 70 elders of israel went up the mountain .
0	on the mountain , these men saw the god of israel . he was standing on something that looked like blue sapphires , as clear as the sky !
0	all the leaders of israel saw god , but god did not destroy them . they all ate and drank together .
0	so moses and his helper , joshua , went up the mountain of god .
0	then moses went up the mountain , and the cloud covered the mountain .
0	the israelites could see the glory of the lord . it was like a fire burning on top of the mountain .
0	then moses went higher up the mountain into the cloud . he was on the mountain for 40 days and 40 nights .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites to bring me gifts . you will accept gifts for me from everyone who is willing to give .
0	here is the list of the things that you should accept from the people : gold , silver , and bronze ;
0	blue , purple , and red yarn and fine linen ; goat hair ,
0	ram skins dyed red , and fine leather ; acacia wood ;
0	oil for the lamps ; spices for the anointing oil and spices for the sweet-smelling incense .
0	also accept onyx stones and other jewels to be put on the ephod and the judgment pouch .
0	“ the people will build a holy place for me . then i can live among them .
0	i will show you what the holy tent and everything in it should look like . build everything exactly as i show you .
0	use pure gold to cover the box inside and out . put gold trim around the edges of the box .
0	make four gold rings for carrying the box . put the gold rings on the four corners , two rings on each side .
0	then make poles for carrying the box . these poles should be made from acacia wood and covered with gold .
0	put the poles through the rings on the corners of the box . use these poles to carry the box .
0	these poles should always stay in the rings of the box . don ’ t take the poles out .
0	“ i will give you the agreement . put it into this box .
0	then make a lid , the mercy-cover . make it from pure gold . make it 2 1/2 cubits long and 1 1/2 cubits wide .
0	then make two cherub angels and put them on each end of the mercy-cover . hammer gold to make these angels .
0	“ i will give you the agreement . put it in the box , and put the mercy-cover on the box .
0	“ make a table from acacia wood . the table must be 2 cubits long , 1 cubit wide , and 1 1/2 cubits high .
0	cover the table with pure gold and put gold trim around it .
0	then make a frame 1 handbreadth wide around the table . and put gold trim on the frame .
0	then make four gold rings and put them on the four corners of the table , where the four legs are .
0	put the rings close to the frame around the top of the table . these rings will hold the poles used to carry the table .
0	use acacia wood to make the poles , and cover them with gold . the poles are for carrying the table .
0	make the plates , the spoons , the pitchers , and the bowls from pure gold . the pitchers and bowls will be used for pouring the drink offerings .
0	put the special bread before me on the table . it must always be there in front of me .
0	“ the lampstand must have six branches—three branches on one side and three branches on the other .
0	each branch must have three flowers . make these flowers like almond flowers with buds and petals .
0	make four more flowers for the lampstand . these flowers must be made like almond flowers with buds and petals .
0	the whole lampstand with the flowers and branches must be made from pure gold . all this gold must be hammered and joined together into one piece .
0	then make seven lamps to go on the lampstand . these lamps will give light to the area in front of the lampstand .
0	use pure gold to make the lamp snuffers and trays .
0	use 75 pounds of pure gold to make the lampstand and the things to be used with it .
0	be very careful to make everything exactly the way i showed you on the mountain .
0	make each curtain the same size . each curtain should be 28 cubits long and 4 cubits wide .
0	join the curtains together into two groups . join five curtains together to make one group and join five curtains together to make the other group .
0	use blue cloth to make loops along the edge of the end curtain in one group . do the same on the end curtain in the other group .
0	then make 50 gold rings to join the curtains together . this will join the holy tent together into one piece .
0	“ make another tent that will cover the holy tent . use eleven curtains to make this tent . make these curtains from goat hair .
0	all these curtains must be the same size . they must be 30 cubits long and 4 cubits wide .
0	make 50 loops down the edge of the end curtain of one group . do the same for the end curtain of the other group .
0	then make 50 bronze rings to join the curtains together . this will join the tent together into one piece .
0	half of the end curtain of this tent will hang down below the back edge of the holy tent .
0	“ use acacia wood to make frames to support the holy tent .
0	the frames should be 10 cubits high and 1 1/2 cubits wide .
0	two side poles should be joined together with cross pieces to make each frame . all the frames for the holy tent must be the same .
0	make 20 frames for the south side of the holy tent .
0	and make 40 silver bases for the frames . each frame should have two silver bases to go under it—one base for each side pole .
0	make 20 more frames for the other side ( the north side ) of the holy tent .
0	and make 40 silver bases for these frames—two bases under each frame .
0	make six more frames for the back ( the west side ) of the holy tent .
0	make two frames for the corners at the back of the holy tent .
0	there will be a total of eight frames for the west end of the tent . there will be 16 silver bases—two bases under each frame .
0	“ use acacia wood and make braces for the frames of the holy tent . there should be five braces for the first side of the holy tent .
0	the middle brace should pass through the frames from one end to the other .
0	build the holy tent the way i showed you on the mountain .
0	put the mercy-cover on the box of the agreement in the most holy place .
0	make gold hooks for this curtain . make five posts using acacia wood covered with gold and make five bronze bases for the five posts .
0	put the grating under the ledge at the bottom of the altar . the grating will go halfway up into the altar from below .
0	“ use acacia wood to make poles for the altar , and cover them with bronze .
0	put the poles through the rings on both sides of the altar . use these poles for carrying the altar .
0	make the altar like an empty box with the sides made from boards . make the altar just as i showed you on the mountain .
0	use 20 posts and 20 bronze bases under the posts . the hooks for the posts and the curtain rods should be made from silver .
0	“ on the west side of the courtyard there must be a wall of curtains 50 cubits long . there must be ten posts and ten bases .
0	the east side of the courtyard must also be 50 cubits long .
0	here at the entrance to the courtyard , one side must have curtains 15 cubits long . there must be three posts and three bases on this side .
0	the other side of the entrance must also have curtains 15 cubits long . there must be three posts and three bases on that side .
0	“ command the israelites to bring their best olive oil for the lamp that must be lit each evening .
0	“ make special clothes for your brother aaron . these clothes will give him honor and respect .
0	tell the men to use gold thread , fine linen , and blue , purple , and red yarn .
0	at each shoulder of the ephod , there should be a shoulder piece . these shoulder pieces should be tied to the two corners of the ephod .
0	“ take two onyx stones . write the names of the twelve sons of israel on these jewels .
0	write six names on one jewel and six names on the other jewel . write the names in order , from the oldest son to the youngest .
0	cut the names of the sons of israel into these stones . do this the way a worker makes a seal . put the jewels in gold settings .
0	use fine gold to hold the stones on the ephod .
0	twist chains of pure gold together like a rope . make two of these gold chains and fasten them to the gold settings .
0	the judgment pouch should be folded double to make a square pocket . it should be 1 span long and 1 span wide .
0	put four rows of beautiful jewels on the judgment pouch . the first row of jewels should have a ruby , a topaz , and a beryl .
0	the second row should have a turquoise , a sapphire , and an emerald .
0	the third row should have a jacinth , an agate , and an amethyst .
0	the fourth row should have a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . set all these jewels in gold .
0	“ make chains of pure gold for the judgment pouch . these chains must be braided like a rope .
0	make two gold rings and put them on two corners of the judgment pouch .
0	put the two golden chains through the two rings at the corners of the judgment pouch .
0	fasten the other ends of the gold chains to the two settings . this will fasten them to the two shoulder pieces of the ephod on the front .
0	“ make a blue robe for the ephod .
0	so around the bottom edge of the robe there should be bells and pomegranates . there should be a bell following each pomegranate .
0	“ make a strip of pure gold and carve these words into the gold like the writing on a seal : holy to the lord .
0	fasten the gold strip to a blue ribbon . tie the blue ribbon around the turban . the gold strip should be on the front of the turban .
0	“ use fine linen to make the white woven robe and the turban . the cloth belt should have designs sewn into it .
0	also make coats , belts , and cloth caps for aaron ’ s sons . this will give them honor and respect .
0	“ use linen to make underclothes for the priests . these underclothes will cover them from the waist to the thighs .
0	“ then bring aaron and his sons to the entrance of the meeting tent . wash them with water .
0	put the turban on his head and the special crown around the turban .
0	take the anointing oil and pour it on aaron ’ s head . this will show that he is chosen for this work .
0	“ then bring aaron ’ s sons to that place . put the white woven robes on them .
0	then kill the bull there in the lord ’ s presence at the entrance to the meeting tent .
0	“ then tell aaron and his sons to put their hands on the head of one of the rams .
0	kill that ram and save the blood . throw the blood against the altar on all four sides .
0	then burn everything on the altar . it is a burnt offering to the lord . it is a sweet-smelling gift to the lord .
0	“ tell aaron and his sons to put their hands on the other ram .
0	“ save these special clothes that were made for aaron and his descendants . they will wear these clothes when they are chosen to be priests .
0	“ cook the meat from the ram that was used to make aaron the high priest . cook that meat in a holy place .
0	these offerings were used to take away their sins when they were made priests . now they should eat these offerings .
0	“ every day you must make an offering on the altar . you must kill two lambs that are one year old .
0	offer one lamb in the morning and the other in the evening .
0	i will meet with the israelites at that place , and my glory will make that place holy .
0	i will live with the israelites . i will be their god .
0	“ make an altar from acacia wood . you will use this altar for burning incense .
0	cover the top , the horns , and all four sides of the altar with pure gold . then put gold trim all around the altar .
0	make the poles from acacia wood and cover them with gold .
0	“ aaron must burn sweet-smelling incense on the altar every morning . he will do this when he comes to care for the lamps .
0	he must burn incense again when he checks the lamps in the evening so that incense will be burned before the lord every day forever .
0	don ’ t use this altar for offering any other kind of incense or burnt offering or for any kind of grain offering or drink offering .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	every man who is at least 20 years old must be counted . and every man who is counted must give the lord this offering .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	aaron and his sons must wash their hands and feet with the water from this bowl .
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	and 12 pounds of cassia . use the official measure to measure all these things . also get 1 gallon of olive oil .
0	“ mix all these things to make a special sweet-smelling anointing oil .
0	pour this oil on the meeting tent and on the box of the agreement . this will show that these things have a special purpose .
0	you will make all these things holy . they will be very special to the lord . anything that touches these things will also become holy .
0	“ pour the oil on aaron and his sons to show that they are separated from the rest of the people to serve as priests .
0	tell the israelites that the anointing oil is holy—it must always be used only for me .
0	whoever makes a perfume like that and puts it on anyone except a priest must be separated from the people . ”
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	“ i have chosen a man from the tribe of judah to do some special work for me . his name is bezalel son of uri son of hur .
0	i have filled bezalel with the spirit of god—i have given him the skill and knowledge to do all kinds of things .
0	he is a very good designer . and he can make things from gold , silver , and bronze .
0	he can cut and set beautiful jewels . and he can work with wood . he can do all kinds of work .
0	the table and everything on it ;
0	the altar for burning offerings and the things used at the altar ;
0	the special clothes for aaron the priest ;
0	the sweet-smelling anointing oil ;
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	aaron said to the people , “ bring me the gold earrings that belong to your wives , sons , and daughters . ”
0	so the people collected all their gold earrings and brought them to aaron .
0	the lord said to moses , “ i have seen these people , and i know that they are very stubborn . they will always turn against me .
0	so now let me destroy them in anger . then i will make a great nation from you . ”
0	so the lord felt sorry for the people . he did not do what he said he might do—he did not destroy them .
0	god himself made the stones , and god himself wrote the commandments on them .
0	joshua heard the noise from the party in camp . he said to moses , “ it sounds like war down in the camp ! ”
0	aaron answered , “ don ’ t be angry , sir . you know that these people are always ready to do wrong .
0	moses saw that aaron had let the people get out of control . they were being wild , and all their enemies could see them acting like fools .
0	the people from the tribe of levi obeyed moses . that day about 3000 of the people died .
0	so moses went back to the lord and said , “ please listen ! these people committed a terrible sin and made a god from gold .
0	now , forgive them of this sin . if you will not forgive them , then erase my name from your book . ”
0	but the lord said to moses , “ the only people i erase from my book are those who sin against me .
0	so the lord caused a terrible sickness to come to the people . he did this because they told aaron to make the golden calf .
0	the people heard this bad news and became very sad , so they stopped wearing jewelry .
0	so the israelites stopped wearing their jewelry at mount horeb .
0	whenever moses went into the tent , the tall cloud would come down and stay at the entrance to the tent . and the lord would speak with moses .
0	the lord answered , “ i myself will go with you . i will lead you . ”
0	then moses said to him , “ if you don ’ t go with us , then don ’ t make us leave this place .
0	then moses said , “ now , please show me your glory . ”
0	but you can not see my face . no one can see me and continue to live . ”
0	then the lord said , “ here is a place for you to stand by me on this large rock .
0	i will put you in a large crack in that rock . then i will cover you with my hand , and my glory will pass by .
0	then i will take away my hand , and you will see my back . but you will not see my face . ”
0	be ready tomorrow morning and come up on mount sinai . stand before me there on the top of the mountain .
0	then the lord came down to him in a cloud , stood there with moses , and spoke his own name .
0	then moses quickly bowed to the ground and worshiped the lord . moses said ,
0	so destroy their altars , break the stones they worship , and cut down their idols .
0	don ’ t worship any other god . i am yahweh kanah—the jealous lord . that is my name . i hate for my people to worship other gods .
0	you might choose some of their daughters as wives for your sons . those daughters serve false gods . they might lead your sons to do the same thing .
0	“ don ’ t make idols .
0	“ a woman ’ s first baby always belongs to me . even the first animals that are born from your cattle or sheep belong to me .
0	“ you will work for six days , but on the seventh day you must rest . you must rest even during the times of planting and harvesting .
0	“ celebrate the festival of harvest . use the first grain from the wheat harvest for this festival . and in the fall celebrate the festival of shelters .
0	“ three times each year all your men must go to be with the lord god , the god of israel .
0	“ when you kill an animal and offer its blood as a sacrifice , you must not include anything that has yeast in it .
0	“ give the lord the very first crops that you harvest . bring them to the house of the lord your god .
0	then the lord said to moses , “ write everything that i have told you . this is the agreement that i made with you and the israelites . ”
0	aaron and all the people of israel saw that moses ’ face was shining bright . so they were afraid to go near him .
0	but moses called to them . so aaron and all the leaders of the people went to him . moses talked with them .
0	after that all the israelites came near moses , and he gave them the commands that the lord had given him on mount sinai .
0	when moses finished speaking to the people , he put a covering over his face .
0	moses gathered all the israelites together and said to them , “ i will tell you what the lord has commanded you to do :
0	on the sabbath you should not even light a fire in any of the places where you live . ”
0	moses said to all the israelites , “ this is what the lord commanded :
0	blue , purple , and red yarn and fine linen ; goat hair ;
0	ram skins dyed red and fine leather ; acacia wood ;
0	oil for the lamps ; spices for the anointing oil and spices for the sweet-smelling incense .
0	also , bring onyx stones and other jewels to be put on the ephod and the judgment pouch .
0	“ all of you who are skilled workers should make all the things the lord commanded :
0	the holy tent , its outer tent , and its covering ; the hooks , boards , braces , posts , and bases ;
0	the holy box , its poles , the mercy-cover , and the curtain that covers the area where the box stays ;
0	the table and its poles , all the things on the table , and the special bread on the table ;
0	the lampstand that is used for light and the things used with the lampstand , the lamps , and oil for the light ;
0	the altar for burning offerings and its bronze grating , the poles , and all the things used at the altar ; the bronze bowl and its base ;
0	the curtains around the yard , their posts and bases , and the curtain that covers the entrance to the yard ;
0	the pegs used to support the tent and the wall of curtains around the courtyard , and the ropes that tie to the pegs ;
0	then all the israelites went away from moses .
0	everyone who wanted to give silver or bronze brought that as a gift to the lord . everyone who had acacia wood came and gave it to the lord .
0	every skilled woman made fine linen and blue , purple , and red yarn .
0	and all the women who were skilled and wanted to help made cloth from the goat hair .
0	the leaders brought onyx stones and other jewels . these stones and jewels were put on the ephod and judgment pouch of the priest .
0	the people also brought spices and olive oil . these things were used for the sweet-smelling incense , the anointing oil , and the oil for the lamps .
0	and he has filled bezalel with the spirit of god—he gave bezalel special skill and knowledge to do all kinds of things .
0	he can design and make things with gold , silver , and bronze .
0	he can cut and set stones and jewels . he can work with wood and make all kinds of things .
0	the lord has given bezalel and oholiab special skills to teach other people . ( oholiab was the son of ahisamach from the tribe of dan . )
0	finally , all the skilled workers left the work they were doing on the holy place , and they went to speak to moses . they said ,
0	“ the people have brought too much . we have more than we need to finish the work the lord told us to do . ”
0	the people had brought more than enough things to finish the work of building god ’ s holy place .
0	each curtain was the same size—28 cubits long and 4 cubits wide .
0	there were 50 loops on the end curtain in one group and 50 loops on the end curtain in the other group . the loops were opposite each other .
0	then they made 50 gold rings to join the two curtains together . so the holy tent was joined together into one piece .
0	then the workers made another tent to cover the holy tent . they used goat hair to make eleven curtains .
0	all the curtains were the same size—30 cubits long and 4 cubits wide .
0	the workers joined five curtains together into one group and six curtains together into another group .
0	they put 50 loops along the edge of the end curtain of one group . and they did the same on the end curtain of the other group .
0	the workers made 50 bronze rings to join the two groups of curtains together to form one tent .
0	then they made two more coverings for the holy tent . one covering was made from ram skins dyed red . the other covering was made from fine leather .
0	then the workers made frames from acacia wood to support the holy tent .
0	each frame was 10 cubits long and 1 1/2 cubits wide .
0	there were two side poles joined together with cross pieces to make each frame . every frame for the holy tent was made the same .
0	they made 20 frames for the south side of the holy tent .
0	then they made 40 silver bases for the frames . there were two bases for each frame—one base for each side pole .
0	they also made 20 frames for the other side ( the north side ) of the holy tent .
0	they made 40 silver bases for the frames—two bases for each frame .
0	they made six more frames for the back ( the west side ) of the holy tent .
0	they also made two frames for the corners at the back of the holy tent .
0	these frames were joined together at the bottom . and at the top a ring held the corner frames together . they did the same for both corners .
0	there were eight frames for the west side of the holy tent . and there were 16 silver bases—two bases for each frame .
0	then the workers used acacia wood to make the braces for the frames—five braces for the first side of the holy tent ,
0	five braces for the other side , and five braces for the back of the holy tent ( that is , the west side ) .
0	they made the middle brace so that it passed through the frames from one end to the other .
0	they covered these frames with gold . then they used gold to make the rings to hold the braces , and they covered the braces with gold .
0	bezalel made the holy box from acacia wood . the box was 2 1/2 cubits long , 1 1/2 cubits wide , and 1 1/2 cubits high .
0	he covered the inside and outside of the box with pure gold . then he put gold trim around the box .
0	then he made the poles for carrying the box . he used acacia wood and covered the poles with pure gold .
0	he put the poles through the rings on each side of the box .
0	then he made the mercy-cover from pure gold . it was 2 1/2 cubits long and 1 1/2 cubits wide .
0	then bezalel hammered gold to make two cherub angels . he put the cherub angels on each end of the mercy-cover .
0	he put one angel on one end and the other angel on the other end . the angels were joined together with the mercy-cover to make one piece .
0	the wings of the angels were spread up toward the sky . the angels covered the box with their wings and faced each other , looking toward the mercy-cover .
0	then he made the table from acacia wood . the table was 2 cubits long , 1 cubit wide , and 1 1/2 cubits high .
0	he covered it with pure gold and put gold trim around it .
0	then he made a frame 1 handbreadth wide around the table . he put gold trim on the frame .
0	then he made four gold rings and put them at the four corners of the table , where the four legs were .
0	he put the rings close to the frame . the rings were to hold the poles used to carry the table .
0	then he used acacia wood to make the poles for carrying the table . he covered the poles with pure gold .
0	the lampstand had six branches—three branches on one side and three branches on the other side .
0	each branch had three flowers on it . these flowers were made like almond flowers with buds and petals .
0	the shaft of the lampstand had four more flowers . they were also made like almond flowers with buds and petals .
0	the whole lampstand , with the flowers and branches , was made from pure gold . all this gold was hammered and joined together into one piece .
0	he made seven lamps for this lampstand . then he made lamp snuffers and trays from pure gold .
0	he used 75 pounds of pure gold to make the lampstand and the things used with it .
0	he covered the top , all the sides , and the horns with pure gold . then he put gold trim around the altar .
0	he made the poles from acacia wood and covered them with gold .
0	then he used bronze to make all the tools to be used on the altar . he made the pots , shovels , bowls , forks , and pans .
0	then he made bronze rings to hold the poles for carrying the altar . he put the rings at the four corners of the grating .
0	then he used acacia wood to make the poles and covered them with bronze .
0	the east side of the courtyard was 50 cubits wide . the entrance to the courtyard was on this side .
0	on one side of the entrance the wall of curtains was 15 cubits long . there were three posts and three bases on this side .
0	the wall of curtains on the other side of the entrance was also 15 cubits long . there were three posts and three bases on that side .
0	all the curtains around the courtyard were made from fine linen .
0	all the tent pegs for the holy tent and for the curtains around the courtyard were made from bronze .
0	bezalel son of uri , the son of hur , from the tribe of judah , made everything the lord commanded moses .
0	the people gave over a ton of gold as an offering to the lord for his holy place . ( this was weighed using the official measure . )
0	they used most of the silver to make 100 bases for the holy tent and its curtains , 75 pounds for each base .
0	they used the remaining 44 pounds of silver to make the hooks , the curtain rods , and the silver covers for the posts .
0	they gave more than 2 1/2 tons of bronze .
0	they made the ephod from gold thread , fine linen , and blue , purple , and red yarn .
0	they made the shoulder pieces for the ephod . they tied these shoulder pieces to the two corners of the ephod .
0	the workers put the onyx stones for the ephod in gold settings . they wrote the names of the sons of israel on these stones .
0	the judgment pouch was folded in half to make a square pocket . it was 1 span long and 1 span wide .
0	then the workers put four rows of beautiful jewels on the judgment pouch . the first row had a ruby , a topaz , and a beryl .
0	the second row had a turquoise , a sapphire , and an emerald .
0	the third row had a jacinth , an agate , and an amethyst .
0	the fourth row had a chrysolite , an onyx , and a jasper . all these jewels were set in gold .
0	the workers made two chains from pure gold for the judgment pouch . the chains were braided like a rope .
0	the workers made two gold rings and fastened them to two corners of the judgment pouch . then they made two gold settings for the shoulder pieces .
0	they fastened the gold chains to the rings at the corners of the judgment pouch .
0	they fastened the other ends of the gold chains to the settings on the shoulder pieces . they fastened these to the front of the ephod .
0	then they made the robe for the ephod from blue cloth . it was woven by a skilled worker .
0	then they made bells from pure gold . they hung these bells around the bottom edge of the robe between the pomegranates .
0	skilled workers wove shirts for aaron and his sons . these shirts were made from fine linen .
0	and the workers made a turban from fine linen . they also used fine linen to make cloth caps and underclothes .
0	they fastened the gold strip to a blue ribbon . then they tied the blue ribbon around the turban like the lord had commanded moses .
0	they showed moses the box of the agreement , the poles used for carrying it , and the mercy-cover .
0	they showed him the table with everything on it and the special bread .
0	they showed him the pure gold lampstand and the lamps on it , the oil , and all the other things that were used with the lamps .
0	they showed moses the golden altar , the anointing oil , the sweet-smelling incense , and the curtain that covered the entrance to the tent .
0	the israelites did all this work exactly as the lord had commanded moses .
0	moses looked closely at all the work and saw that it was done exactly as the lord had commanded . so moses blessed them .
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	“ on the first day of the first month , set up the holy tent , that is , the meeting tent .
0	put the box of the agreement in the holy tent . cover the box with the curtain .
0	“ put the altar for burning offerings in front of the entrance of the holy tent , that is , the meeting tent .
0	put the bowl between the meeting tent and the altar . put water in the bowl .
0	set up the wall of curtains around the courtyard . then put the curtain at the entrance to the courtyard .
0	“ use the anointing oil and anoint the holy tent and everything in it . when you put the oil on these things , you will make them holy .
0	anoint the altar for burning offerings . anoint everything on the altar . you will make the altar holy . it will be very holy .
0	then anoint the bowl and the base under it to make these things holy .
0	“ bring aaron and his sons to the entrance of the meeting tent . wash them with water .
0	then put the special clothes on aaron . anoint him with the oil and make him holy . then he can serve me as a priest .
0	then put the clothes on his sons .
0	moses obeyed the lord . he did everything that the lord commanded him .
0	moses took the agreement and put it in the holy box . he put the poles on the box and put the mercy-cover on it .
0	then he put the bread on the table before the lord . he did this just as the lord had commanded him .
0	then moses put the lampstand in the meeting tent on the south side of the tent , across from the table .
0	then moses put the lamps on the lampstand before the lord . he did this just as the lord had commanded him .
0	then moses put the golden altar in the meeting tent , in front of the curtain .
0	then he burned sweet-smelling incense on the altar . he did this as the lord had commanded him .
0	then moses put the curtain at the entrance to the holy tent .
0	then moses put the bowl between the meeting tent and the altar . he put water in the bowl for washing .
0	moses , aaron , and aaron ’ s sons used this bowl to wash their hands and feet .
0	then the cloud covered the meeting tent and the glory of the lord filled the holy tent .
0	moses could not go into the meeting tent because the cloud had settled on it , and the glory of the lord had filled the holy tent .
0	when the cloud rose from the holy tent , the israelites would begin to travel .
0	but when the cloud stayed on the holy tent , the people did not try to move . they stayed in that place until the cloud rose .
0	inside the cloud , there were four living beings that looked like people .
0	but each one of them had four faces and four wings .
0	their legs were straight . their feet looked like calves ’ feet , and they sparkled like polished brass .
0	under their wings were human arms . there were four living beings . each living being had four faces and four wings .
0	the wings touched each other . the living beings did not turn when they moved . they went in the direction they were looking .
0	each living being went in the direction it was looking . they went wherever the spirit caused them to go , but they did not turn when they moved .
0	that is what the living beings looked like .
0	the living beings ran back and forth—as fast as lightning .
0	they could turn to move in any direction . but the living beings did not turn when they moved .
0	the rims of the wheels were tall and frightening . there were eyes all over the rims of all four wheels .
0	the wheels always moved with the living beings . if the living beings went up into the air , the wheels went with them .
0	they went wherever the spirit wanted them to go , and the wheels went with them , because the power that moved the living being was in the wheels .
0	there was an amazing thing over the heads of the living beings . it was like a bowl turned upside down , and the bowl was clear like crystal .
0	the living beings stopped moving and lowered their wings . then there was another loud sound that came from above the bowl over their heads .
0	the voice said , “ son of man , stand up and i will speak with you . ”
0	then the spirit came into me and lifted me up on my feet , and i listened to the one who spoke to me .
0	you must tell them what i say , whether they listen or not . they are people who usually refuse to listen !
0	then i saw an arm reach out toward me . it was holding a scroll with words written on it .
0	so i opened my mouth and he put the scroll into my mouth .
0	then god said , “ son of man , i am giving you this scroll . swallow it ! let that scroll fill your body . ”
0	then god said to me , “ son of man , go to the family of israel . speak my words to them .
0	but i will make you just as stubborn as they are , and your head just as hard .
0	then god said to me , “ son of man , listen to every word i say to you and remember them .
0	the spirit lifted me and took me away . i was very sad and upset in my spirit , but i felt the lord ’ s power in me .
0	after seven days , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	but the spirit came into me and lifted me up on my feet . he said to me , “ go home and lock yourself in your house .
0	son of man , people will come with ropes and tie you up . they will not let you go out among the people .
0	“ son of man , take a brick and scratch a picture on it . draw a picture of a city—the city of jerusalem .
0	you can drink only 3 cups of water each day . you can drink it from time to time throughout the day .
0	that is because there will not be enough food and water for everyone . they will be terrified as they watch each other wasting away because of their sins .
0	but then you must get a few of those hairs and wrap them up in your robe .
0	so the lord god says , “ so now , even i am against you ! i will punish you while those other people watch .
0	then the word of the lord came to me again .
0	he said , “ son of man , turn toward the mountains of israel and speak against them for me .
0	your altars will be broken into pieces . your incense altars will be smashed , and i will throw down your dead bodies in front of your filthy idols .
0	i will put the dead bodies of the people of israel in front of their filthy idols . i will scatter your bones around your altars .
0	your people will be killed , and then you will know that i am the lord ! ’ ”
0	then the word of the lord came to me .
0	he said , “ now , son of man , here is a message from the lord god . this message is for the land of israel :
0	your end is coming now !
0	i will not show you any mercy or feel sorry for you .
0	this is what the lord god said : “ there will be one disaster after another !
0	the end is coming , and it will come quickly !
0	they will be too tired and sad to raise their arms . their legs will be like water .
0	they will wear sackcloth and be covered with fear . you will see the shame on every face . they will shave their heads to show their sadness .
0	i will let strangers take them . those strangers will make fun of them . they will kill some of the people and take others away as prisoners .
0	“ make chains for the prisoners , because many people will be punished for killing other people . there will be violence every place in the city .
0	“ you will shake with fear . you will look for peace , but there will be none .
0	but the glory of the god of israel was there . the glory looked just like the vision i saw in the valley by the kebar canal .
0	so i went to the entrance to the courtyard , and i saw a hole in the wall .
0	then god said to me , “ go in and look at the terrible , evil things that the people are doing here . ”
0	then he said to me , “ if you come with me , you will see these men doing even more terrible things ! ”
0	then god shouted to the leaders in charge of punishing the city . each leader had his own destructive weapon in his hand .
0	so i will not show any mercy or feel sorry for them . they brought it on themselves . i am only giving them the punishment they deserve ! ”
0	then the man wearing linen clothes and a scribe ’ s pen and ink set spoke up . he said , “ i have done what you commanded . ”
0	the cherub angels were standing in the area south of the temple as the man walked to them . the cloud filled the inner courtyard .
0	( the cherub angels had what looked like human arms under their wings . )
0	then i noticed that there were four wheels . there was one wheel by each cherub angel , and the wheels looked like a clear yellow jewel .
0	there were four wheels , and they all looked the same . they looked like there was a wheel in a wheel .
0	these wheels were what i heard called , “ the area between the wheels . ”
0	and the wheels rose with them . when the cherub angels raised their wings and flew into the air , not even the wheels turned around .
0	then the glory of the lord rose from the threshold of the temple , moved to the place over the cherub angels , and stopped there .
0	each living being had four faces , four wings , and something that looked like human arms under their wings .
0	these men say , ‘ we will be building our houses again very soon . we are as safe in this city as meat in a pot ! ’
0	so you must speak to the people for me . son of man , prophesy against the people . ”
0	you have killed many people in this city . you have filled the streets with dead bodies .
0	you are afraid of the sword , but i am bringing the sword against you ! ’ ” this is what the lord god said .
0	he also said , “ i will take you out of this city and give you to strangers . i will punish you .
0	you will die by the sword . i will punish you here in israel , so you will know that i am the lord .
0	yes , this place will be the cooking pot , and you will be the meat cooking in it . i will punish you here in israel .
0	but then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	when my people come back , they will destroy all the terrible , filthy idols that are here now .
0	then the cherub angels raised their wings and flew into the air . the wheels went with them . the glory of the god of israel was above them .
0	the glory of the lord rose into the air and left the city and stopped on the hill east of jerusalem .
0	then i spoke to the people in exile . i told them about everything the lord showed me .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	while the people are watching , make a hole in the wall and go out through that hole in the wall .
0	the next morning , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , did the people of israel—those people who always refuse to obey—ask you what you were doing ?
0	tell them that this is what the lord god said . this sad message is about the leader of jerusalem and all the people of israel who live there .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , why do people quote this saying about the land of israel :
0	“ tell the people that the lord god will end that saying . they will not say that about israel anymore . now they will quote this saying :
0	“ there will not be any more false visions in israel . there will not be any more magicians telling things that don ’ t come true .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ ‘ israel , your prophets are false prophets . they are like jackals hunting for food among the ruins of a city .
0	when the wall falls down , the people will ask the prophets , ‘ what happened to the plaster you put on the wall ? ’ ”
0	some of the elders of israel came to me . they sat down to talk with me .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	so both the one who came for advice and the prophet who gave an answer will get the same punishment .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ or i might send wild animals through that country to kill all the people . then no one would travel through that country because of the wild animals .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , are the pieces of wood from a grapevine any better than the little branches cut from trees in the forest ?
0	can you use that wood from a grapevine to make anything ? can you use that wood to make pegs to hang dishes on ?
0	people throw that wood into the fire . the ends burn , and the middle is scorched .
0	if you can not make anything from that wood before it is burned , you surely can not make anything from that wood after it is burned !
0	i will destroy that country because the people left me to worship false gods. ” this is what the lord god said .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , tell the people of jerusalem about the terrible things they have done .
0	i gave you a nice dress and soft leather sandals , a linen headband , and a silk scarf .
0	i also gave you some jewelry . i put bracelets on your arms and a necklace around your neck .
0	i gave you a nose ring , earrings , and a beautiful crown to wear .
0	you became famous for your beauty , all because i made you so lovely ! ’ ” this is what the lord god said .
0	you slaughtered my sons and then passed them through the fire to those false gods .
0	“ after all these evil things , … it will be very bad for you ! ” the lord god said all these things .
0	“ after all those things , you made a mound for worshiping that false god . you built those places for worshiping false gods on every street corner .
0	then you went to egypt , your neighbor that is always ready for sex . with more and more sexual sin , you made me angry .
0	then you went to have sex with assyria . you could not get enough . you were never satisfied .
0	so you turned to canaan , and then to babylonia , and still you were not satisfied .
0	you are a woman guilty of adultery . you would rather have sex with strangers than with your own husband .
0	you are just the opposite of most prostitutes who force men to pay them , because you pay the men to have sex with you . ”
0	prostitute , listen to the message from the lord .
0	they will bring a crowd of people and throw rocks at you to kill you . then they will cut you into pieces with their swords .
0	then i will stop being angry and jealous . i will calm down . i will not be angry anymore .
0	“ all the people who talk about you will now have one more thing to say . they will say , ‘ like mother , like daughter . ’
0	you did all the terrible things they did , but you also did much worse !
0	sodom and her daughters became too proud and began to do terrible things in front of me . so i punished them !
0	so you must bear your shame . you have made your sisters look good compared to you . you have done terrible things , so you should be ashamed .
0	i will comfort you . then you will remember the terrible things you did , and you will be ashamed .
0	“ in the past , you were proud and made fun of your sister sodom . but you will not do that again .
0	you did that before you were punished , before your neighbors started making fun of you . the daughters of edom and philistia are making fun of you now .
0	now you must suffer for the terrible things you did. ” this is what the lord said .
0	but i will remember the agreement we made when you were young . i made an agreement with you that will continue forever !
0	so i will make my agreement with you , and you will know that i am the lord .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , i have a story with a hidden meaning for you to tell the family of israel .
0	tell them that this is what the lord god says :
0	he broke the top out of that big cedar tree and brought it to canaan .
0	then the eagle took some of the seeds from canaan .
0	the seeds grew and became a grapevine .
0	then another eagle with big wings saw the grapevine .
0	the grapevine was planted in a good field near plenty of water .
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	will the plant grow where it is planted ?
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	but the king of judah will not escape , because he ignored his agreement . he broke his promise to nebuchadnezzar . ”
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	i myself will plant it on a high mountain in israel .
0	“ then the other trees will know that
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ why do you people say this proverb :
0	but the lord god says , “ by my life , i swear that people in israel will not think this proverb is true anymore !
0	i will treat everyone , child and parent , just the same . the one who sins is the one who will die !
0	“ a person who is good will live ! he is fair and does what is right .
0	“ but someone like that might have a son who does not do any of these good things . the son steals things and kills people .
0	the father hurts people and steals things . he never does anything good for my people ! he will die because of his own sins .
0	god will not remember all the bad things they did . he will remember only their goodness , so they will live ! ”
0	the lord god says , “ i don ’ t want evil people to die . i want them to change their lives so that they can live !
0	if good people change and become evil , they must die for the bad things they do .
0	and if evil people change and become good and fair , they will save their lives . they will live !
0	the people of israel said , “ that ’ s not fair ! the lord isn ’ t fair ! ”
0	i don ’ t want to kill you ! please come back and live ! ” this is what the lord god said .
0	the lord said to me , “ you must sing this sad song about the leaders of israel :
0	“ ‘ your mother is like a female lion ,
0	one of her cubs gets up .
0	“ ‘ the people heard him roar ,
0	“ ‘ the mother lion had hoped that cub would become the leader ,
0	he hunted with the adult lions
0	he attacked the palaces and destroyed the cities .
0	then the people who lived around him set a trap for him ,
0	they put hooks on him and locked him up .
0	“ ‘ your mother is like a grapevine
0	then she grew large branches .
0	but the vine was pulled up by the roots ,
0	“ ‘ now that grapevine is planted in the desert .
0	a fire started in the large branch
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	should you judge them ? will you judge them , son of man ? you must tell them about the terrible things their fathers have done .
0	i brought the family of israel out of egypt . i led them into the desert .
0	then i gave them my laws and told them all my rules . all those who obey them will live .
0	but i felt sorry for them , so i did not destroy them . i did not completely destroy them in the desert .
0	i am the lord . i am your god . obey my laws and keep my commands . do the things i tell you .
0	so i made another promise to those people in the desert . i promised to scatter them among the nations , to send them to many different countries .
0	so i gave them laws that were not good . i gave them commands that would not bring life .
0	i asked the people of israel why they were going to the high places . but that high place is still there today . ’
0	i will judge you as i judged your ancestors in the desert near egypt. ” this is what the lord god said .
0	“ i will judge you guilty and punish you according to the agreement .
0	in that country you will remember all the evil things you did that made you filthy , and you will be ashamed .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , look toward the negev , the southern part of judah . speak against the negev forest .
0	then all people will see that i , the lord , have started the fire . the fire will not be put out ! ’ ”
0	then i said , “ oh , lord god ! if i say this , the people will say that i am only telling them stories . ”
0	so the word of the lord came to me again . he said ,
0	“ son of man , look toward jerusalem and speak against their holy places . speak against the land of israel for me .
0	“ son of man , make sad sounds like a sad person with a broken heart . make these sad sounds in front of the people .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , speak to the people for me . say this , ‘ this is what the lord says :
0	the sword was made sharp for killing .
0	so the sword has been polished .
0	“ son of man , clap your hands to show your sadness ,
0	their hearts will melt with fear ,
0	sword , be sharp !
0	“ then i , too , will clap my hands
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	and you , evil leader of israel , you will be killed . your time of punishment has come ! the end is here ! ”
0	“ ‘ your visions are useless .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , will you judge the city of murderers ? will you tell her about all the terrible things she has done ?
0	people far and near will make fun of you . you have ruined your name . you are filled with confusion .
0	“ ‘ look , all the leaders in israel are using their strength just to kill other people .
0	you hate all that i consider holy . you treat my special days of rest as if they are not important .
0	there men commit sexual sins with their father ’ s wife . there the men rape women—even during their monthly time of bleeding .
0	“ ‘ now look ! i will slam my hand down and stop you ! i will punish you for cheating and killing people .
0	i will scatter you among the nations . i will force you to go to many countries . i will completely destroy the filthy things in this city .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	so this is what the lord god says : ‘ all of you have become like worthless waste . so i will gather you into jerusalem .
0	i will put you in my fire of anger and blow on it , and you will begin to melt .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ the leaders in jerusalem are like a wolf eating the animal it has caught . they attack people and kill them just to get rich .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , listen to this story about samaria and jerusalem . there were two sisters , daughters of the same mother .
0	they became prostitutes in egypt while they were still young girls . that ’ s where they first let men touch and handle their young breasts .
0	“ then oholah became unfaithful to me—she began to live like a prostitute . she began to want her lovers . she saw the assyrian soldiers
0	in their blue uniforms . they were all handsome young men riding horses . they were leaders and officers ,
0	so i let her lovers have her . she wanted assyria , so i gave her to them !
0	they raped her . they took her children and killed her . they punished her , and women still talk about her .
0	“ her younger sister oholibah saw all these things happen . but oholibah sinned more than her sister did ! she was more unfaithful than oholah .
0	she wanted the assyrian leaders and officers . she wanted those soldiers in blue uniforms riding their horses . they were all handsome young men .
0	i saw that both women were going to ruin their lives with the same mistakes .
0	they wore belts around their waists and long turbans on their heads . all those men looked like chariot officers . they all looked like native-born babylonian men ,
0	and oholibah wanted them .
0	so the babylonian men came to her bed to have sex with her . they used her and made her so filthy that she became disgusted with them .
0	but oholibah thought about her time as a prostitute in egypt when she was young , and she turned to even more prostitution .
0	she remembered the lovers who excited her there , who were like animals in their sexual desires and abilities .
0	“ oholibah , you dreamed of those times when you were young , when your lovers touched and handled your young breasts .
0	they will take your nice clothes and jewelry .
0	so i will stop your dreams about your love affair with egypt . you will never again look for them . you will never remember egypt again ! ’ ”
0	you did those bad things when you left me to chase after the other nations . you did those bad things when you began to worship their filthy idols .
0	you followed your sister and lived as she did . you , yourself , took her cup of poison and held it in your hands . ”
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	you will stagger like a drunk .
0	you will drink the poison in that cup .
0	the lord said to me , “ son of man , will you judge oholah and oholibah ? then tell them about the terrible things they have done .
0	they also treated my special days of rest and my holy place as though they were not important .
0	they killed their children for their idols , and then they went into my holy place and made it filthy too ! they did this inside my temple !
0	you sat on a fine bed with a table set before it . you put my incense and my oil on this table .
0	but they kept going to her as they would go to a prostitute . yes , they went again and again to oholah and oholibah , those wicked women .
0	“ but good men will judge them guilty of adultery and murder , because oholah and oholibah committed adultery and their hands are covered with blood ! ”
0	this is what the lord god said : “ gather the people together to punish and terrorize oholah and oholibah .
0	in this way i will remove that shame from this country , and all the other women will be warned not to do the shameful things you have done .
0	the word of the lord came to me . this was on the tenth day of the tenth month in the ninth year of exile . he said ,
0	“ son of man , write today ’ s date and this note : ‘ on this date the army of the king of babylon surrounded jerusalem . ’
0	the people there refuse to obey me . i have a story with a message for them . tell them , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	put in the pieces of meat .
0	use the best animals in the flock .
0	“ ‘ so this is what the lord god says :
0	jerusalem is like a pot with rust on it .
0	i put her blood on the bare rock
0	“ ‘ so this is what the lord god says :
0	put plenty of wood under the pot .
0	then let the pot stand empty on the coals .
0	“ ‘ jerusalem might work hard
0	“ ‘ you sinned against me
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	the next morning i told the people what god had said . that evening , my wife died . the next morning i did what god commanded .
0	then the people said to me , “ why are you doing this ? what does it mean ? ”
0	then i said to them , “ the word of the lord came to me . he told me
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , look toward the people of ammon and speak against them for me .
0	this is what the lord god says : “ moab and seir say , ‘ the family of judah is just like any other nation . ’
0	so i will punish moab , and then they will know that i am the lord . ”
0	i will punish them—i will get even . i will let my anger teach them a lesson . then they will know that i am the lord ! ”
0	in the eleventh year of exile , on the first day of the month , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	her daughters on the mainland will be killed in battle . then they will know that i am the lord . ”
0	he will bring the logs to break down your walls . he will use picks and break down your towers .
0	so i will stop the sound of your happy songs . people will not hear your harps anymore .
0	they will sing this sad song about you :
0	now , on the day you fall ,
0	the word of the lord came to me again . he said ,
0	“ son of man , sing this sad song about tyre .
0	the mediterranean sea is the border around your city .
0	your builders used cypress trees
0	they used oak trees from bashan
0	for your sail , they used colorful linen made in egypt .
0	men from sidon and arvad rowed your boats for you .
0	the elders and wise men from byblos
0	“ ‘ tarshish was one of your best customers . they traded silver , iron , tin , and lead for all the wonderful things you sold .
0	people in greece , turkey , and the area around the black sea traded with you . they traded slaves and bronze for the things you sold .
0	people from the nation of togarmah traded horses , war horses , and mules for the things you sold .
0	the people of rhodes traded with you . you sold your things in many places . people brought ivory tusks and ebony wood to pay you .
0	damascus was a good customer . they traded with you for the many wonderful things you had . they traded wine from helbon and white wool for those things .
0	damascus traded wine from uzal for the things you sold . they paid with wrought iron , cassia , and sugar cane .
0	dedan provided good business and traded with you for saddle blankets and riding horses .
0	arabia and all the leaders of kedar traded lambs , rams , and goats for your goods .
0	the merchants of sheba and raamah traded with you . they traded all the best spices and every kind of precious stone and gold for your goods .
0	haran , canneh , eden , the merchants of sheba , asshur , and kilmad traded with you .
0	the ships from tarshish carried the things you sold .
0	your oarsmen rowed you far out to sea .
0	all your wealth will spill into the sea .
0	“ ‘ you send your merchants to faraway places .
0	your whole crew will jump ship .
0	they will be very sad about you .
0	they will shave their heads for you .
0	“ ‘ and in their loud crying they will sing this sad song about you :
0	your merchants sailed across the seas .
0	but now you are broken by the seas
0	all the people living on the coast
0	the merchants in other nations whistle about you .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , say to the ruler of tyre , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	you think you are wiser than daniel
0	through your wisdom and understanding
0	through your great wisdom and trade ,
0	“ ‘ so this is what the lord god says :
0	i will bring strangers to fight against you .
0	they will bring you down to the grave .
0	that person will kill you .
0	strangers will treat you like a foreigner and kill you ,
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , sing this sad song about the king of tyre . say to him , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	you were in eden , the garden of god .
0	you were one of the chosen cherubs
0	you were good and honest when i created you ,
0	your business brought you many riches .
0	your beauty made you proud .
0	you did many wrong things .
0	“ ‘ all the people in other nations
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , look toward sidon and speak for me against that place .
0	say , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	i will send disease and death to sidon ,
0	on the twelfth day of the tenth month of the tenth year of exile , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , look toward pharaoh , king of egypt . speak for me against him and egypt .
0	say , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	“ ‘ but i will put hooks in your jaws .
0	then all the people living in egypt
0	the people of israel leaned on egypt for support ,
0	so this is what the lord god says :
0	egypt will be empty and destroyed .
0	no person or animal will pass through egypt . nothing will pass through or settle there for 40 years .
0	on the first day of the first month in the twenty-seventh year of exile , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	i will give egypt to nebuchadnezzar as a reward for the hard work he did for me. ” this is what the lord god said !
0	the word of the lord came to me again . he said ,
0	“ son of man , speak for me . say , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	that day is near !
0	a sword will come against egypt !
0	“ ‘ this is what the lord says :
0	egypt will join the other countries that were destroyed .
0	i will start a fire in egypt ,
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	i will make the nile river become dry land .
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	i will make pathros empty .
0	i will pour out my anger against pelusium , the fortress of egypt !
0	i will start a fire in egypt ;
0	the young men of heliopolis and bubastis will die in battle ,
0	it will be a dark day in tahpanhes when i break egypt ’ s control .
0	so i will punish egypt .
0	on the seventh day of the first month of the eleventh year of exile , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	i will scatter the egyptians among the nations .
0	i will scatter the egyptians among the nations . then they will know that i am the lord ! ”
0	on the first day of the third month in the eleventh year of exile , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , say this to pharaoh , king of egypt , and to his people :
0	assyria was a cedar tree in lebanon with beautiful branches ,
0	the water made the tree grow .
0	so that tree was taller than all the other trees of the field ,
0	all the birds of the sky made their nests
0	the tree was very beautiful .
0	even the cedar trees in god ’ s garden
0	i gave it many branches
0	now birds live in that fallen tree . wild animals walk over its fallen branches .
0	on the first day of the twelfth month in the twelfth year of exile , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , sing this sad song about pharaoh , king of egypt . say to him :
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	then i will drop you on the dry ground .
0	i will scatter your body on the mountains .
0	i will pour your blood on the mountains ,
0	i will make you disappear .
0	i will darken the lights in the sky over you .
0	“ i will make many people sad and upset when i bring an enemy to destroy you . nations you don ’ t even know will be upset .
0	that will happen because of what the lord god said : “ the sword of the king of babylon will come to fight against you .
0	on the fifteenth day of that month in the twelfth year of exile , the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ egypt , you are no better than anyone else ! go down to the place of death . go lie down with those foreigners .
0	“ egypt will go to be with all the other men who were killed in battle . the enemy has pulled her and all her people away .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	if this guard sees enemy soldiers coming , he blows the trumpet and warns the people .
0	if people hear the warning but ignore it , the enemy will capture them and take them away as prisoners . they will be responsible for their own death .
0	i will not remember the bad things they did in the past , because now they live right and are fair . so they will live !
0	“ but your people say , ‘ that ’ s not fair ! the lord can not be like that ! ’
0	if good people stop doing good and begin to sin , they will die because of their sins .
0	and if evil people stop doing wrong and start living right and being fair , they will live .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	the people have done many terrible things , so i will make that place an empty wasteland . then they will know that i am the lord . ”
0	but the things you sing about really will happen , and then the people will know that there was a prophet living among them . ’ ”
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	you eat the fat sheep and use their wool to make clothes for yourselves . you kill the fat sheep , but you don ’ t feed the flock .
0	“ ‘ and now the sheep are scattered because there was no shepherd . they became food for every wild animal , so they were scattered .
0	so , you shepherds , listen to the word of the lord .
0	so , you shepherds , listen to the word of the lord !
0	the lord god says , “ i myself will be their shepherd . i will search for my sheep and take care of them .
0	yes , i will feed my flock , and i will lead them to a place of rest. ” this is what the lord god said .
0	my flock must eat the grass you crushed with your feet , and they must drink the water you stir with your feet ! ”
0	so the lord god says to them : “ i myself will judge between the fat sheep and the thin sheep !
0	you push with your side and shoulder . you knock down all the weak sheep with your horns . you push until you have forced them away ,
0	so i will save my flock . they will not be caught by wild animals anymore . i will judge between one sheep and another .
0	then i will put one shepherd over them , my servant david . he will feed them and be their shepherd .
0	i will bless the sheep and the places around my hill . i will cause the rains to fall at the right time and will shower them with blessings .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	“ son of man , look toward mount seir and speak against it for me .
0	say to it , ‘ this is what the lord god says :
0	i will destroy your cities ,
0	i will make mount seir an empty ruin . i will kill everyone who enters or leaves that city .
0	i will make you empty forever . no one will live in your cities . then you will know that i am the lord . ”
0	you said , “ these two nations and countries , israel and judah , will be mine . we will take them for our own . ”
0	and then you , too , will know that i am the lord .
0	your proud boasting is really against me . time after time you have insulted me , and i have heard every word . ”
0	this is what the lord god says : “ all the earth will be happy when i destroy you .
0	“ son of man , speak to the mountains of israel for me . tell them to listen to the word of the lord !
0	“ but mountains of israel , you will grow new trees and produce fruit for my people israel . my people will soon come back .
0	i am with you , and i will help you . people will till your soil and plant seeds in you .
0	yes , i will lead many people—my people , israel—to your land . you will be their property , and you will not take away their children again . ”
0	but you will not destroy people anymore or take away their children again. ” this is what the lord god said .
0	then the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	i scattered them among the nations and spread them through all the lands . i gave them the punishment they deserved for the bad things they did .
0	“ the people of israel ruined my holy name wherever they went , and i felt sorry for my name .
0	“ i will take you out of those nations , gather you together , and bring you back to your own land .
0	i will put my spirit inside you and change you so that you will obey my laws . you will carefully obey my commands .
0	then you will live in the land that i gave to your ancestors . you will be my people , and i will be your god .
0	also , i will save you and keep you from becoming unclean . i will command the grain to grow . i will not bring a famine against you .
0	people will begin again to work the land so when other people pass by they will not see ruins anymore .
0	then the lord said to me , “ son of man , can these bones come to life ? ”
0	then he said to me , “ speak to these bones for me . tell them , ‘ dry bones , listen to the word of the lord !
0	this is what the lord god says to you : i will cause breath to come into you , and you will come to life !
0	there before my eyes , i saw sinew and muscles begin to cover the bones . skin began to cover them , but there was no breath in them .
0	my people , i will open your graves and bring you up out of your graves , and then you will know that i am the lord .
0	the word of the lord came to me again . he said ,
0	then join the two sticks together . in your hand , they will be one stick .
0	“ your people will ask you to explain what that means .
0	“ take the sticks that you wrote on and hold them in front of you .
0	my holy tent will be with them . yes , i will be their god and they will be my people .
0	the word of the lord came to me . he said ,
0	soldiers from persia , ethiopia , and put will be with them . they will all be wearing their shields and helmets .
0	“ ‘ be prepared . yes , prepare yourself and the armies that have joined with you . you must watch and be ready .
0	this is what the lord god says : “ at that time an idea will come into your mind . you will begin to make an evil plan .
0	the lord god said , “ at that time gog will come to fight against the land of israel . i will show my anger .
0	in my anger and strong emotions , i make this promise : i promise that there will be a strong earthquake in the land of israel .
0	i will capture you and bring you back . i will bring you from the far north . i will bring you to fight against the mountains of israel .
0	but i will knock your bow from your left hand and your arrows from your right hand .
0	that time is coming ! it will happen ! ” this is what the lord god said . “ that is the day i am talking about .
0	it will take seven months for the family of israel to bury them . they must do this to make the land pure .
0	the city of the dead will be named hamonah . in this way they will make the country pure . ”
0	then from that day on , the family of israel will know that i am the lord their god .
0	they sinned and made themselves filthy , so i punished them for the things they did . i turned away from them and refused to help them . ”
0	then the man went to the east gate . he walked up its steps and measured the opening for the gate . it was one ruler wide .
0	then he measured the porch .
0	there were three little guardrooms on each side of the gateway . all these rooms and their side walls measured the same .
0	the man measured the entrance to the gateway . it was 10 cubits wide and 13 cubits long .
0	he measured the faces of all the side walls , including the side walls on either side of the porch at the courtyard . the total was 60 cubits .
0	from the inside edge of the outer gate to the far end of the porch was 50 cubits .
0	the pavement was as wide as the gates were long . the pavement reached to the inside end of the gateway . this was the lower pavement .
0	then the man measured the length and width of the north gate that was in the wall surrounding the outer courtyard .
0	the gateway and its porch had windows all around like the other gates . the gateway was 50 cubits long and 25 cubits wide .
0	the porch was 25 cubits wide and 5 cubits long .
0	then the man led me into the inner courtyard on the east side . he measured the gate . it measured the same as the other gates .
0	then the man led me to the north gate . he measured it , and it measured the same as the other gates .
0	there was also a doorway in the side walls of the gates . that doorway led into a room where the priests washed the sacrifices .
0	there were also two tables on each side of the door on the outside wall of this porch .
0	so there were four tables on the inside wall and four tables on the outside wall—eight tables that the priests used when they killed the animals for sacrifices .
0	there were meat hooks three inches long on all the walls in this area . the meat of the offerings was put on the tables .
0	there were two rooms in the inner courtyard . one was by the north gate facing south . the other room was by the south gate facing north .
0	the man said to me , “ the room that looks to the south is for the priests who are on duty and serving in the temple area .
0	the outer wall of the side rooms was 5 cubits thick . there was an open area between the side rooms of the temple
0	and the priests ’ rooms . it was 20 cubits wide and went all the way around the temple .
0	the restricted area on the east side , in front of the temple , was 100 cubits long .
0	of cherub angels and palm trees . a palm tree was between each cherub angel . every cherub angel had two faces .
0	from the floor to the area above the door , cherub angels and palm trees were carved on all walls of the holy place .
0	the walls on either side of the holy place were square . in front of the most holy place , there was something that looked like
0	both the holy place and the most holy place had a double door .
0	each of the doors was made from two smaller doors . each door was really two swinging doors .
0	this building was 100 cubits long and 50 cubits wide . people entered it from the courtyard on the north side .
0	there was a path 10 cubits wide and 100 cubits long running along the south side of the building , even though the entrance was on the north side .
0	there was a wall outside that was parallel to the rooms and ran along the outer courtyard . it ran in front of the rooms for 50 cubits .
0	the entrance was below these rooms at the east end of the building so that people could enter from the outer courtyard .
0	the entrance was at the start of the wall beside the courtyard .
0	path in front of them . they were like the rooms on the north side . they had the same length and width and the same kind of doors .
0	the entrance to the lower rooms was at the east end of the building so that people could enter from the open end of the path by the wall .
0	the man had finished measuring inside the temple area . then he brought me out through the east gate and measured all around that area .
0	he measured the east side with the ruler . it was 500 cubits long .
0	he measured the north side . it was 500 cubits long .
0	he measured the south side . it was 500 cubits long .
0	he went around to the west side and measured it . it was 500 cubits long .
0	the man led me to the east gate .
0	the vision that i saw was like the vision i saw by the kebar canal . i bowed with my face to the ground .
0	the glory of the lord came into the temple through the east gate .
0	then the spirit picked me up and brought me into the inner courtyard . the glory of the lord filled the temple .
0	i heard someone speaking to me from inside the temple . the man was still standing beside me .
0	now let them take their sexual sins and the dead bodies of their kings far away from me . then i will live among them forever .
0	the place for the fire on the altar was 4 cubits high . the four corners were shaped like horns .
0	the place for the fire on the altar was 12 cubits long by 12 cubits wide . it was perfectly square .
0	then take the bull for the sin offering and burn it in the proper place in the temple area , outside the temple building .
0	for seven days , the priests will make the altar pure and ready for use in worshiping god .
0	then the man brought me back to the east gate of the temple area . we were outside the gate and the gate was shut .
0	you did not take care of my holy things . no , you let foreigners have responsibility of my holy place ! ’ ”
0	but i will let them take care of the temple . they will work in the temple and do the things that must be done in it .
0	“ they will enter my holy place and come near my table to serve me . they will take care of the things i gave them .
0	they will wear linen turbans on their heads , and they will wear linen underwear . they will not wear anything that makes them sweat .
0	“ these priests will not shave their heads or let their hair grow long . the priests may only trim the hair of their heads .
0	none of the priests may drink wine when they go into the inner courtyard .
0	after the priest has been made clean , he must wait seven days .
0	the priests must not eat any bird or animal that has died a natural death or has been torn to pieces by a wild animal .
0	“ stop cheating people . use accurate scales and measures !
0	a shekel must equal 20 gerahs . a mina must equal 60 shekels . it must be equal to 20 shekels plus 25 shekels plus 15 shekels .
0	“ this is a special offering that you must give :
0	1/6 ephah of wheat for every homer of wheat ;
0	1/6 ephah of barley for every homer of barley ;
0	1/10 bath of olive oil for every cor of olive oil ;
0	and one sheep for every 200 sheep
0	“ everyone in the country will give to this offering for the ruler of israel .
0	at that time the ruler will offer a bull for himself and for all the people of israel . the bull will be for a sin offering .
0	on the sabbath day and on the day of the new moon , the common people will also worship the lord at that gate .
0	“ when the ruler goes in , he must enter at the porch of the east gate—and he must leave that same way .
0	so they will give the lamb , the grain offering , and the oil every morning for a burnt offering forever . ”
0	there was a brick wall around each of the four small courtyards , and there were places built into the brick walls for cooking .
0	the man said to me , “ these are the kitchens where those who serve at the temple cook the sacrifices for the people . ”
0	then the man said to me , “ son of man , did you pay close attention to the things you saw ? ”
0	as i walked back along the side of the river , i saw many trees on both sides of the water .
0	he said to me , “ this water flows east , down to the arabah valley .
0	but the swamps and small marshes will not become fresh . they will be left for salt .
0	this is what the lord god says : “ these are the borders for dividing the land among the twelve tribes of israel . joseph will have two parts .
0	you will divide the land equally . i promised to give this land to your ancestors , so i am giving this land to you .
0	berothah , sibraim ( which is on the border between damascus and hamath ) and hazer hatticon , which is on the border of hauran .
0	so the border will go from the sea to hazar enan on the northern border of damascus and hamath . this will be on the north side .
0	“ so you will divide this land among you for the tribes of israel .
0	the tribe where that resident lives must give him some land. ” this is what the lord god said !
0	you will dedicate this land to the lord . it will be 25,000 cubits long and 20,000 cubits wide .
0	this special area of land will be divided among the priests and levites .
0	this share from this holy part of the land will be especially for these priests . it will be next to the land of the levites .
0	the city workers from all the tribes of israel will farm this land .
0	“ the southern border of gad ’ s land will go from tamar to the oasis at meribah-kadesh , then along the brook of egypt to the mediterranean sea .
0	this is the land that you will divide among the tribes of israel . this is what each group will get. ” this is what the lord god said !
0	“ these are the gates of the city . the gates will be named for the tribes of israel .
0	there will be three gates : reuben ’ s gate , judah ’ s gate , and levi ’ s gate .
0	“ the distance around the city will be 18,000 cubits . from now on , the name of the city will be the lord is there . ”
0	from king cyrus of persia :
0	this is what mithredath brought out of the lord ’ s temple : 30 gold dishes , 1000 silver dishes , 29 knives and pans ,
0	30 gold bowls , 410 silver bowls similar to the gold bowls , and 1000 other dishes .
0	all together , there were 5400 things made from gold and silver . sheshbazzar brought them all with him when the prisoners left babylon and went back to jerusalem .
0	the descendants of parosh 2172
0	the descendants of shephatiah 372
0	the descendants of arah 775
0	the descendants of pahath moab of the family of jeshua and joab 2812
0	the descendants of elam 1254
0	the descendants of zattu 945
0	the descendants of zaccai 760
0	the descendants of bani 642
0	the descendants of bebai 623
0	the descendants of azgad 1222
0	the descendants of adonikam 666
0	the descendants of bigvai 2056
0	the descendants of adin 454
0	the descendants of ater through the family of hezekiah 98
0	the descendants of bezai 323
0	the descendants of jorah 112
0	the descendants of hashum 223
0	the descendants of gibbar 95
0	from the town of bethlehem 123
0	from the town of netophah 56
0	from the town of anathoth 128
0	from the town of azmaveth 42
0	from the towns of kiriath jearim , kephirah , and beeroth 743
0	from the towns of ramah and geba 621
0	from the town of micmash 122
0	from the towns of bethel and ai 223
0	from the town of nebo 52
0	from the town of magbish 156
0	from the other town named elam 1254
0	from the town of harim 320
0	from the towns of lod , hadid , and ono 725
0	from the town of jericho 345
0	from the town of senaah 3630
0	these are the priests :
0	the descendants of immer 1052
0	the descendants of pashhur 1247
0	the descendants of harim 1017
0	these are the people from the tribe of levi :
0	these are the singers :
0	these are the descendants of the temple gatekeepers :
0	these are the descendants of the special temple servants :
0	keros , siaha , padon ,
0	lebanah , hagabah , akkub ,
0	hagab , shalmai , hanan ,
0	giddel , gahar , reaiah ,
0	rezin , nekoda , gazzam ,
0	uzza , paseah , besai ,
0	asnah , meunim , nephussim ,
0	bakbuk , hakupha , harhur ,
0	bazluth , mehida , harsha ,
0	barkos , sisera , temah ,
0	neziah , and hatipha .
0	these are the descendants of solomon ’ s servants :
0	jaalah , darkon , giddel ,
0	shephatiah , hattil , pokereth hazzebaim , and ami ,
0	the temple servants and descendants of solomon ’ s servants 392
0	the descendants of delaiah , tobiah , and nekoda 652
0	from the family of priests there were descendants of
0	they had 736 horses , 245 mules , 435 camels , and 6720 donkeys .
0	then they celebrated the festival of shelters just as the law of moses said . they offered the right number of burnt offerings for each day of the festival .
0	they sang songs of praise and thanksgiving , taking turns in singing each part . they sang ,
0	so the enemies began to discourage them and tried to frighten them in order to stop them from building the temple .
0	these enemies even wrote letters to the king of persia trying to stop the jews . they wrote a letter the year that xerxes became the king of persia .
0	and from the other people who the great and powerful ashurbanipal moved to the city of samaria and other places in the country west of the euphrates river .
0	this is the copy of the letter sent to king artaxerxes :
0	we have a responsibility to the king . we don ’ t want to see this happen , so we are sending this letter to inform the king .
0	then king artaxerxes sent this answer :
0	the letter you sent us has been translated and read to me .
0	now , you must give an order for these men to stop work . that order must be given to keep jerusalem from being rebuilt until i say so .
0	so the work stopped on god ’ s temple in jerusalem . the work did not continue until the second year that darius was king of persia .
0	at that time the prophets haggai and zechariah son of iddo began to prophesy in the name of god . they encouraged the jews in judah and jerusalem .
0	they also asked zerubbabel , “ what are the names of the men who are working on this building ? ”
0	tattenai the governor of the area west of the euphrates river , shethar bozenai , and the important people with them sent a letter to king darius .
0	this is a copy of that letter :
0	we also asked for their names . we wanted to write down the names of their leaders so that you would know who they are .
0	this is the answer they gave us :
0	but , in the first year that cyrus was king of babylon , king cyrus gave a special order for god ’ s temple to be rebuilt .
0	a scroll was found in the fortress of ecbatana . ( ecbatana is in the province of media . ) this is what was written on that scroll :
0	during the first year that cyrus was king , he gave an order about the temple of god in jerusalem . the order said :
0	so king darius sent this message to his officials :
0	the temple was finished on the third day of the month of adar . that was in the sixth year of the rule of king darius .
0	on the fourteenth day of the first month , the jews who came back from captivity celebrated the passover .
0	hilkiah was the son of shallum . shallum was the son of zadok . zadok was the son of ahitub .
0	ahitub was the son of amariah . amariah was the son of azariah . azariah was the son of meraioth .
0	meraioth was the son of zerahiah . zerahiah was the son of uzzi . uzzi was the son of bukki .
0	ezra arrived in jerusalem in the fifth month of the seventh year that artaxerxes was king .
0	i and my advisors are giving gold and silver to the god of israel , who lives in jerusalem . you must take this gold and silver with you .
0	take all these things to the god of jerusalem . they are for the worship in the temple of your god .
0	from the descendants of phinehas : gershom ; from the descendants of ithamar : daniel ; from the descendants of david : hattush ;
0	from the descendants of shecaniah : the descendants of parosh , zechariah , and 150 other men ;
0	from the descendants of pahath moab : eliehoenai son of zerahiah , and 200 other men ;
0	from the descendants of zattu : shecaniah son of jahaziel , and 300 other men ;
0	from the descendants of adin : ebed son of jonathan , and 50 other men ;
0	from the descendants of elam : jeshaiah son of athaliah , and 70 other men ;
0	from the descendants of shephatiah : zebadiah son of michael , and 80 other men ;
0	from the descendants of joab : obadiah son of jehiel , and 218 other men ;
0	from the descendants of bani : shelomith son of josiphiah , and 160 other men ;
0	from the descendants of bebai : zechariah son of bebai , and 28 other men ;
0	from the descendants of azgad : johanan son of hakkatan , and 110 other men ;
0	from the last of the descendants of adonikam : eliphelet , jeuel , shemaiah , and 60 other men ;
0	from the descendants of bigvai : uthai , zaccur , and 70 other men .
0	they also sent hashabiah and jeshaiah from the descendants of merari , along with their brothers and nephews . in all there were 20 men .
0	so we fasted and prayed to our god about our trip . he answered our prayers .
0	then i chose twelve of the priests who were leaders . i chose sherebiah , hashabiah , and ten of their brothers .
0	then we arrived in jerusalem . we rested there for three days .
0	we counted and weighed everything and we wrote down the total weight .
0	then i prayed this prayer :
0	“ now , god , what can we say to you ? we have stopped obeying you again .
0	get up , ezra . this is your responsibility , but we will support you . so be brave and do it . ”
0	so ezra got up . he made the leading priests , the levites , and all the israelites promise to do what he said .
0	those who did not come to jerusalem in three days like the officials and elders said would lose their property and be removed from the group .
0	then the whole group who met together answered ezra . they shouted , “ ezra , you are right ! we must do what you say .
0	and by the first day of the first month , they finished discussing all the men who had married foreign women .
0	these are the names of the descendants of the priests who married foreign women :
0	from the descendants of immer , these men : hanani and zebadiah .
0	from the descendants of harim , these men : maaseiah , elijah , shemaiah , jehiel , and uzziah .
0	from the descendants of pashhur , these men : elioenai , maaseiah , ishmael , nethanel , jozabad , and elasah .
0	among the levites , these are the men who married foreign women :
0	among the singers , this is the man who married a foreign woman : eliashib .
0	among the other israelites , these men married foreign women :
0	from the descendants of elam , these men : mattaniah , zechariah , jehiel , abdi , jeremoth , and elijah .
0	from the descendants of zattu , these men : elioenai , eliashib , mattaniah , jeremoth , zabad , and aziza .
0	from the descendants of bebai , these men : jehohanan , hananiah , zabbai , and athlai .
0	from the descendants of bani , these men : meshullam , malluch , adaiah , jashub , sheal , and jeremoth .
0	from the descendants of pahath moab , these men : adna , kelal , benaiah , maaseiah , mattaniah , bezalel , binnui , and manasseh .
0	from the descendants of harim , these men : eliezer , ishijah , malkijah , shemaiah , shimeon ,
0	benjamin , malluch , and shemariah .
0	from the descendants of hashum , these men : mattenai , mattattah , zabad , eliphelet , jeremai , manasseh , and shimei .
0	from the descendants of bani , these men : maadai , amram , uel ,
0	benaiah , bedeiah , keluhi ,
0	vaniah , meremoth , eliashib ,
0	mattaniah , mattenai , and jaasu .
0	from the descendants of binnui , these men : shimei ,
0	shelemiah , nathan , adaiah ,
0	macnadebai , shashai , sharai ,
0	azarel , shelemiah , shemariah ,
0	shallum , amariah , and joseph .
0	from the descendants of nebo , these men : jeiel , mattithiah , zabad , zebina , jaddai , joel , and benaiah .
0	all these men married foreign women , and some of them had children with these wives .
0	greetings also from all those in god ’ s family who are with me .
0	i pray that god our father and the lord jesus christ will be good to you and give you peace .
0	jesus gave himself for our sins to free us from this evil world we live in . this is what god our father wanted .
0	the glory belongs to god forever and ever . amen .
0	there is no other message that is the good news , but some people are confusing you . they want to change the good news about christ .
0	brothers and sisters , i want you to know that the good news message i told you was not made up by anyone .
0	you have heard about my past life in the jewish religion . i persecuted the church of god very much . i tried to destroy his people .
0	but god had special plans for me even before i was born . so he chose me through his grace .
0	three years later i went to jerusalem to meet peter . i stayed with him 15 days .
0	i met no other apostles—only james , the brother of the lord .
0	god knows there is nothing untrue in any of this .
0	later , i went to the areas of syria and cilicia .
0	no one in any of christ ’ s churches in judea had ever met me before .
0	these believers praised god because of me .
0	after 14 years i went back to jerusalem with barnabas and took titus with me .
0	titus , who was with me , is a greek . but these leaders still did not force him to be circumcised .
0	but we did not agree with anything those false brothers wanted . we wanted the truth of the good news to continue for you .
0	they asked us to do only one thing—to remember to help those who are poor . and this was something that i really wanted to do .
0	when peter came to antioch , he did something that was not right . i stood against him , because he was wrong .
0	we are jews by birth . we were not born “ sinners , ” as we call those who are not jews .
0	but i would be wrong to begin teaching again those things that i gave up .
0	you began your life in christ with the spirit . now do you try to complete it by your own power ? that is foolish .
0	you have experienced many things . were all those experiences wasted ? i hope they were not wasted !
0	so you should know that the true children of abraham are those who have faith .
0	abraham believed this , and because he believed , he was blessed . all people who believe are blessed the same as abraham was .
0	the law does not depend on faith . no , it says that the only way a person will find life by the law is to obey its commands .
0	but when god gave the promise , there was no mediator , because a mediator is not needed when there is only one side , and god is one .
0	before this faith came , the law held us as prisoners . we had no freedom until god showed us the way of faith that was coming .
0	i mean the law was the guardian in charge of us until christ came . after he came , we could be made right with god through faith .
0	now that the way of faith has come , we no longer need the law to be our guardian .
0	it is the same for us . we were once like children , slaves to the useless rules of this world .
0	but when the right time came , god sent his son , who was born from a woman and lived under the law .
0	god did this so that he could buy the freedom of those who were under the law . god ’ s purpose was to make us his children .
0	now you are not slaves like before . you are god ’ s children , and you will receive everything he promised his children .
0	in the past you did not know god . you were slaves to gods that were not real .
0	it worries me that you follow teachings about special days , months , seasons , and years . i fear that my work for you has been wasted .
0	brothers and sisters , i became like you . so please become like me . you were very good to me before .
0	you know that i came to you the first time because i was sick . that was when i told the good news to you .
0	am i now your enemy because i tell you the truth ?
0	some of you people want to be under the law . tell me , do you know what the law says ?
0	but the heavenly jerusalem that is above is like the free woman , who is our mother .
0	my brothers and sisters , you are children who were born because of god ’ s promise , just as isaac was .
0	so , my brothers and sisters , we are not children of the slave woman . we are children of the free woman .
0	we have freedom now , because christ made us free . so stand strong in that freedom . don ’ t go back into slavery again .
0	listen ! i , paul , tell you that if you start following the law by being circumcised , then christ can not help you .
0	again , i warn everyone : if you allow yourselves to be circumcised , then you must follow the whole law .
0	if you try to be made right with god through the law , your life with christ is finished—you have left god ’ s grace .
0	i say this because our hope of being right with god comes through faith . and the spirit helps us feel sure as we wait for that hope .
0	you were doing so well . who caused you to stop following the truth ?
0	it certainly wasn ’ t the one who chose you .
0	be careful ! “ just a little yeast makes the whole batch of dough rise . ”
0	i trust in the lord that you will not believe those different ideas . someone is trying to confuse you . whoever it is will be punished .
0	i wish those people who are bothering you would add castration to their circumcision .
0	the whole law is made complete in this one command : “ love your neighbor the same as you love yourself . ”
0	if you continue hurting each other and tearing each other apart , be careful , or you will completely destroy each other .
0	so i tell you , live the way the spirit leads you . then you will not do the evil things your sinful self wants .
0	but if you let the spirit lead you , you are not under law .
0	the wrong things the sinful self does are clear : committing sexual sin , being morally bad , doing all kinds of shameful things ,
0	but the fruit that the spirit produces in a person ’ s life is love , joy , peace , patience , kindness , goodness , faithfulness ,
0	gentleness , and self-control . there is no law against these kinds of things .
0	those who belong to christ jesus have crucified their sinful self . they have given up their old selfish feelings and the evil things they wanted to do .
0	we get our new life from the spirit , so we should follow the spirit .
0	we must not feel proud and boast about ourselves . we must not cause trouble for each other or be jealous of each other .
0	help each other with your troubles . when you do this , you are obeying the law of christ .
0	if you think you are too important to do this , you are only fooling yourself .
0	don ’ t compare yourself with others . just look at your own work to see if you have done anything to be proud of .
0	you must each accept the responsibilities that are yours .
0	whoever is being taught god ’ s word should share the good things they have with the one who is teaching them .
0	if you think you can fool god , you are only fooling yourselves . you will harvest what you plant .
0	we must not get tired of doing good . we will receive our harvest of eternal life at the right time . we must not give up .
0	this is my own handwriting . you can see how big the letters are .
0	it doesn ’ t matter if anyone is circumcised or not . the only thing that matters is this new life we have from god .
0	peace and mercy to those who follow this rule—to all god ’ s people .
0	so don ’ t give me any more trouble . i have scars on my body that show i belong to jesus .
0	my brothers and sisters , i pray that the grace of our lord jesus christ will be with your spirits . amen .
0	god created the sky and the earth . at first ,
0	the earth was completely empty . there was nothing on the earth . darkness covered the ocean , and god ’ s spirit moved over the water .
0	then god said , “ let there be light ! ” and light began to shine .
0	he saw the light , and he knew that it was good . then he separated the light from the darkness .
0	god named the light “ day , ” and he named the darkness “ night . ”
0	then god said , “ let there be a space to separate the water into two parts ! ”
0	so god made the space and separated the water . some of the water was above it , and some of the water was below it .
0	god named that space “ sky. ” there was evening , and then there was morning . this was the second day .
0	then god said , “ let the water under the sky be gathered together so that the dry land will appear. ” and it happened .
0	god named the dry land “ earth , ” and he named the water that was gathered together “ seas. ” and god saw that this was good .
0	there was evening , and then there was morning . this was the third day .
0	they will be in the sky to shine light on the earth. ” and it happened .
0	god put these lights in the sky to shine on the earth .
0	there was evening , and then there was morning . this was the fourth day .
0	then god said , “ let the water be filled with many living things , and let there be birds to fly in the air over the earth . ”
0	there was evening , and then there was morning . this was the fifth day .
0	so god created humans in his own image . he created them to be like himself . he created them male and female .
0	god looked at everything he had made . and he saw that everything was very good .
0	so the earth , the sky , and everything in them were finished .
0	god finished the work he was doing , so on the seventh day he rested from his work .
0	this is the story about the creation of the sky and the earth . this is what happened when the lord god made the earth and the sky .
0	so water came up from the earth and spread over the ground .
0	then the lord god planted a garden in the east , in a place named eden . he put the man he made in that garden .
0	a river flowed from eden and watered the garden . the river then separated and became four smaller rivers .
0	the name of the first river was pishon . this river flowed around the entire country of havilah .
0	( there is gold in that country , and that gold is pure . a kind of expensive perfume and onyx are also found there . )
0	the name of the second river was gihon . this river flowed around the whole land of cush .
0	the name of the third river was tigris . this river flowed east of assyria . the fourth river was the euphrates .
0	the lord god put the man in the garden of eden to work the soil and take care of the garden .
0	the lord god gave him this command : “ you may eat from any tree in the garden .
0	the lord god used the rib from the man to make a woman . then he brought the woman to the man .
0	and the man said ,
0	that is why a man leaves his father and mother and is joined to his wife . in this way two people become one .
0	the man and his wife were naked , but they were not ashamed .
0	the woman answered the snake , “ no , we can eat fruit from the trees in the garden .
0	but the snake said to the woman , “ you will not die .
0	god knows that if you eat the fruit from that tree you will learn about good and evil , and then you will be like god ! ”
0	the lord god called to the man and said , “ where are you ? ”
0	the man said , “ i heard you walking in the garden , and i was afraid . i was naked , so i hid . ”
0	the man said , “ the woman you put here with me gave me fruit from that tree . so i ate it . ”
0	then the lord god said to the woman , “ what have you done ? ”
0	so the lord god said to the snake ,
0	i will make you and the woman enemies to each other .
0	then god said to the woman ,
0	then god said to the man ,
0	the ground will grow thorns and weeds for you .
0	you will work hard for your food ,
0	adam named his wife eve . he gave her this name because eve would be the mother of everyone who ever lived .
0	the lord god used animal skins and made some clothes for the man and his wife . then he put the clothes on them .
0	so the lord god forced the man out of the garden of eden to work the ground he was made from .
0	eve gave birth again to cain ’ s brother abel . abel became a shepherd , and cain became a farmer .
0	but he did not accept cain and his offering . cain was sad because of this , and he became very angry .
0	the lord asked cain , “ why are you angry ? why does your face look sad ?
0	later , the lord said to cain , “ where is your brother abel ? ”
0	then cain said to the lord , “ this punishment is more than i can bear !
0	cain went away from the lord and lived in the land of nod .
0	enoch had a son named irad . irad had a son named mehujael . mehujael had a son named methushael . and methushael had a son named lamech .
0	lamech married two women . one wife was named adah , and the other was named zillah .
0	adah gave birth to jabal . jabal was the father of people who live in tents and earn their living by keeping cattle .
0	jabal was jubal ’ s brother . jubal was the father of people who play the harp and flute .
0	zillah gave birth to tubal-cain . tubal-cain was the father of people who work with bronze and iron . the sister of tubal-cain was named naamah .
0	lamech said to his wives ,
0	the punishment for killing cain was very bad .
0	seth also had a son . he named him enosh . at that time people began to pray to the lord .
0	this is the history of adam ’ s family . when god created people , he made them like himself .
0	he created them male and female . and on the same day he made them , he blessed them and called them “ humans . ”
0	after adam was 130 years old , he had another son . this son looked just like adam . adam named his son seth .
0	after seth was born , adam lived 800 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so adam lived a total of 930 years ; then he died .
0	after seth was 105 years old , he had a son named enosh .
0	after enosh was born , seth lived 807 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so seth lived a total of 912 years ; then he died .
0	after enosh was 90 years old , he had a son named kenan .
0	after kenan was born , enosh lived 815 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so enosh lived a total of 905 years ; then he died .
0	after kenan was 70 years old , he had a son named mahalalel .
0	after mahalalel was born , kenan lived 840 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so kenan lived a total of 910 years ; then he died .
0	when mahalalel was 65 years old , he had a son named jared .
0	after jared was born , mahalalel lived 830 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so mahalalel lived a total of 895 years ; then he died .
0	after jared was 162 years old , he had a son named enoch .
0	after enoch was born , jared lived 800 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so jared lived a total of 962 years ; then he died .
0	after enoch was 65 years old , he had a son named methuselah .
0	after methuselah was born , enoch walked with god for 300 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so enoch lived a total of 365 years .
0	one day enoch was walking with god , and he disappeared . god took him .
0	after methuselah was 187 years old , he had a son named lamech .
0	after lamech was born , methuselah lived 782 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so methuselah lived a total of 969 years ; then he died .
0	when lamech was 182 years old , he had a son .
0	lamech named his son noah . lamech said , “ we work very hard as farmers because god cursed the ground . but noah will bring us rest . ”
0	after noah was born , lamech lived 595 years and had other sons and daughters .
0	so lamech lived a total of 777 years ; then he died .
0	after noah was 500 years old , he had sons named shem , ham , and japheth .
0	the lord saw that the people on the earth were very evil . he saw that they thought only about evil things all the time .
0	the lord was sorry that he had made people on the earth . it made him very sad in his heart .
0	but noah pleased the lord .
0	this is the history of noah ’ s family . he was a good man all his life , and he always followed god .
0	noah had three sons : shem , ham , and japheth .
0	when god looked at the earth , he saw that people had ruined it . violence was everywhere , and it had ruined their life on earth .
0	use cypress wood and build a boat for yourself . make rooms in the boat and cover it with tar inside and out .
0	“ this is the size i want you to make the boat : 300 cubits long , 50 cubits wide , and 30 cubits high .
0	i will make a special agreement with you . you , your wife , your sons , and their wives will all go into the boat .
0	two of every kind of bird , animal , and creeping thing will come to you so that you might keep them alive .
0	also bring every kind of food into the boat , for you and for the animals . ”
0	noah did everything god commanded him .
0	noah did everything the lord told him to do .
0	noah was 600 years old at the time the rains came .
0	he and his family went into the boat to be saved from the flood . his wife and his sons and their wives were on the boat with him .
0	all the clean animals , all the other animals on the earth , the birds , and everything that crawls on the earth
0	went into the boat with noah . these animals went into the boat in groups of two , male and female , just as god commanded .
0	seven days later the flood started . the rain began to fall on the earth .
0	all these animals went into the boat with noah . they came in groups of two from every kind of animal that had the breath of life .
0	all these animals went into the boat in groups of two , just as god had commanded noah . then the lord closed the door behind noah .
0	water flooded the earth for 40 days . the water began rising and lifted the boat off the ground .
0	the water continued to rise , and the boat floated on the water high above the earth .
0	the water rose so much that even the highest mountains were covered by the water .
0	the water continued to rise above the mountains . the water was more than 20 feet above the highest mountain .
0	the water continued to cover the earth for 150 days .
0	rain stopped falling from the sky , and water stopped flowing from under the earth .
0	the water continued to go down , and by the first day of the tenth month , the tops of the mountains were above the water .
0	forty days later noah opened the window he had made in the boat .
0	then he sent out a raven . the raven flew from place to place until the ground was dry and the water was gone .
0	noah also sent out a dove . he wanted it to find dry ground . he wanted to know if water still covered the earth .
0	after seven days noah again sent out the dove .
0	seven days later noah sent the dove out again . but this time the dove didn ’ t come back .
0	by the 27th day of the second month , the ground was completely dry .
0	then god said to noah ,
0	“ leave the boat . you , your wife , your sons , and your sons ’ wives should go out now .
0	so noah went out with his sons , his wife , and his sons ’ wives .
0	all the animals , everything that crawls , and every bird left the boat . all the animals came out of the boat in family groups .
0	god blessed noah and his sons and said to them , “ have many children . fill the earth with your people .
0	but i give you one command . you must not eat meat that still has its life ( blood ) in it .
0	also , i will demand your blood for your lives . that is , i will demand the life of any person or animal that takes a human life .
0	“ god made humans to be like himself .
0	“ have many children and fill the earth with your people . ”
0	then god said to noah and his sons ,
0	“ i now make my promise to you and to your people who will live after you .
0	i am putting a rainbow in the clouds as proof of the agreement between me and the earth .
0	when i bring clouds over the earth , you will see the rainbow in the clouds .
0	so god said to noah , “ this rainbow is proof of the agreement that i made with all living things on earth . ”
0	these three men were noah ’ s sons . and all the people on earth came from these three sons .
0	noah became a farmer and planted a vineyard .
0	one day noah made some wine . he got drunk , went into his tent , and took off all his clothes .
0	ham , the father of canaan , saw that his father was naked and told his brothers who were outside the tent .
0	shem and japheth took a robe , put it across their shoulders , and walked backward into the tent . then they covered their father without looking at him .
0	later , noah woke up . ( he was sleeping because of the wine . ) when he learned what his youngest son ham had done to him ,
0	may god give more land to japheth .
0	after the flood noah lived 350 years .
0	he lived a total of 950 years ; then he died .
0	this is the history of the families of shem , ham , and japheth . they are noah ’ s sons . these men had children after the flood .
0	japheth ’ s sons were gomer , magog , madai , javan , tubal , meshech , and tiras .
0	gomer ’ s sons were ashkenaz , riphath , and togarmah .
0	javan ’ s sons were elishah , tarshish , kittim , and dodanim .
0	ham ’ s sons were cush , mizraim , put , and canaan .
0	cush ’ s sons were seba , havilah , sabtah , raamah , and sabteca .
0	cush also had a son named nimrod who became a very powerful man on earth .
0	nimrod ’ s kingdom spread from babylon to erech , to akkad , and then to calneh in the land of babylonia .
0	nimrod also went into assyria . in assyria , nimrod built the cities of nineveh , rehoboth ir , calah , and
0	resen . ( resen is the city between nineveh and calah , the big city . )
0	mizraim was the father of the people of lud , anam , lehab , naphtuh ,
0	pathrus , casluh , and caphtor . ( the philistine people came from casluh . )
0	canaan was the father of sidon . sidon was canaan ’ s first son . canaan was also the father of the hittites ,
0	jebusites , amorites , girgashites ,
0	hivites , arkites , the sinites ,
0	arvadites , zemarites , and hamathites .
0	all these people were descendants of ham . they are arranged by families , languages , countries , and nations .
0	shem was japheth ’ s older brother . one of shem ’ s descendants was eber , the father of all the hebrew people .
0	shem ’ s sons were elam , asshur , arphaxad , lud , and aram .
0	aram ’ s sons were uz , hul , gether , and mash .
0	arphaxad was the father of shelah .
0	joktan was the father of almodad , sheleph , hazarmaveth , jerah ,
0	hadoram , uzal , diklah ,
0	obal , abimael , sheba ,
0	ophir , havilah , and jobab . all these people were joktan ’ s sons .
0	they lived in the area between mesha and the hill country in the east . mesha was toward the country of sephar .
0	these are the people from the family of shem . they are arranged by families , languages , countries , and nations .
0	there was a time when the whole world spoke one language . everyone used the same words .
0	then people began to move from the east . they found a plain in the land of babylonia and stayed there to live .
0	then the lord came down to see the city and the tower .
0	let ’ s go down and confuse their language . then they will not understand each other . ”
0	so people stopped building the city , and the lord scattered them all over the earth .
0	this is the history of shem ’ s family . two years after the flood , when shem was 100 years old , his son arphaxad was born .
0	after that shem lived 500 years . he had other sons and daughters .
0	when arphaxad was 35 years old , his son shelah was born .
0	after shelah was born , arphaxad lived 403 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after shelah was 30 years old , his son eber was born .
0	after eber was born , shelah lived 403 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after eber was 34 years old , his son peleg was born .
0	after peleg was born , eber lived another 430 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after peleg was 30 years old , his son reu was born .
0	after reu was born , peleg lived another 209 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after reu was 32 years old , his son serug was born .
0	after serug was born , reu lived another 207 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after serug was 30 years old , his son nahor was born .
0	after nahor was born , serug lived another 200 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after nahor was 29 years old , his son terah was born .
0	after terah was born , nahor lived another 119 years . during that time he had other sons and daughters .
0	after terah was 70 years old , his sons abram , nahor , and haran were born .
0	this is the history of terah ’ s family . terah was the father of abram , nahor , and haran . haran was the father of lot .
0	haran died in his hometown , ur of babylonia , while his father terah was still alive .
0	sarai did not have any children because she was not able to have children .
0	terah lived to be 205 years old . he died in haran .
0	i will build a great nation from you .
0	i will bless those who bless you ,
0	so abram left haran just like the lord said , and lot went with him . abram was 75 years old when he left haran .
0	the lord appeared to abram and said , “ i will give this land to your descendants . ”
0	then he moved on toward the negev , stopping for a time at several places on the way .
0	during this time there was not enough food in the land , so abram went down to egypt to live .
0	just before they arrived in egypt , abram told sarai , “ look , i know that you are a very beautiful woman .
0	so tell them that you are my sister . then they will be good to me because of you . in this way you will save my life . ”
0	so when abram went into egypt , the egyptian men saw that sarai was a very beautiful woman .
0	even some of pharaoh ’ s officials noticed her and told pharaoh how beautiful she was . so they took her to pharaoh ’ s house .
0	pharaoh took abram ’ s wife , so the lord caused pharaoh and all the people in his house to have very bad diseases .
0	then pharaoh commanded his men to lead abram out of egypt . so abram and his wife left that place and took everything they had with them .
0	so abram left egypt . he traveled through the negev with his wife and everything he owned . lot was also with them .
0	at this time abram was very rich . he had many animals and much silver and gold .
0	this was where abram had built an altar earlier . so he worshiped the lord there .
0	during this time lot was also traveling with abram . lot had many animals and tents .
0	abram and lot had so many animals that the land could not support both of them together .
0	( the canaanites and the perizzites were also living in this land at the same time . ) the shepherds of abram and lot began to argue .
0	so abram said to lot , “ there should be no arguing between you and me or between your people and my people . we are all brothers .
0	so lot chose to live in the jordan valley . the two men separated , and lot began traveling east .
0	abram stayed in the land of canaan , and lot lived among the cities in the valley . lot moved as far as sodom and made his camp there .
0	the lord knew that the people of sodom were very evil sinners .
0	after lot left , the lord said to abram , “ look around you . look north , south , east , west .
0	all this land that you see i will give to you and your people who live after you . this will be your land forever .
0	so go . walk through your land . i now give it to you . ”
0	amraphel was the king of babylonia , arioch was the king of ellasar , kedorlaomer was the king of elam , and tidal was the king of goiim .
0	all these kings joined their armies in the valley of siddim . ( the valley of siddim is now the salt sea . )
0	these kings had served kedorlaomer for twelve years . but in the 13th year , they all rebelled against him .
0	and they defeated the horites who lived in the area from the hill country of seir to el paran . ( el paran is near the desert . )
0	so kedorlaomer and his armies took everything that the people of sodom and gomorrah owned . they took all their food and clothing and left .
0	lot , the son of abram ’ s brother , was living in sodom , and they captured him . they also took everything he owned and left .
0	that night he and his men made a surprise attack against the enemy . they defeated them and chased them to hobah , north of damascus .
0	then abram brought back everything the enemy had stolen , as well as the women and servants , his nephew lot , and everything lot owned .
0	melchizedek , the king of salem and a priest of god most high , also went to meet abram . he brought bread and wine .
0	he blessed abram and said ,
0	and we praise god most high ,
0	then the king of sodom told abram , “ give me my people who were captured . but you can keep everything else . ”
0	but abram said to the king of sodom , “ i promise to the lord , the god most high , the one who made heaven and earth .
0	abram said , “ you have given me no son , so a slave born in my house will get everything i have . ”
0	abram believed the lord , and because of this faith the lord accepted him as one who has done what is right .
0	but abram said , “ lord god , how can i be sure that i will get this land ? ”
0	later , large birds flew down to eat the animals , but abram chased them away .
0	the sun began to go down and abram got very sleepy . while he was asleep , a very terrible darkness came over him .
0	but then i will punish the nation that made them slaves . your people will leave that land , and they will take many good things with them .
0	“ you yourself will live to be very old . you will die in peace and will be buried with your family .
0	this is the land of the kenites , kenizzites , kadmonites ,
0	hittites , perizzites , rephaites ,
0	amorites , canaanites , girgashites , and jebusites . ”
0	sarai was abram ’ s wife , but she did not have any children . she had an egyptian slave named hagar .
0	so after living ten years in the land of canaan , sarai gave her egyptian slave to abram as a second wife .
0	the angel of the lord found hagar near a spring of water in the desert . the spring was by the road to shur .
0	the angel said , “ hagar , sarai ’ s slave girl , why are you here ? where are you going ? ”
0	the angel of the lord said to her , “ sarai is your owner . go home to her and obey her . ”
0	the angel of the lord also said , “ from you will come many people—too many people to count . ”
0	then the angel of the lord said ,
0	ishmael will be wild and free
0	so the well there was called beer lahai roi . it is between kadesh and bered .
0	hagar gave birth to abram ’ s son , and abram named the son ishmael .
0	abram was 86 years old when ishmael was born from hagar .
0	when abram was 99 years old , the lord appeared to him . he said , “ i am god all-powerful . obey me and live the right way .
0	if you do this , i will prepare an agreement between us . i will promise to make your people a great nation . ”
0	then abram bowed down before god . god said to him ,
0	“ this is my part of our agreement : i will make you the father of many nations .
0	i will change your name from abram to abraham , because i am making you the father of many nations .
0	i will give you many descendants . new nations and kings will come from you .
0	then god said to abraham , “ now , this is your part of the agreement : you and all your descendants will obey my agreement .
0	this is my agreement that all of you must obey . this is the agreement between me and you and all your descendants . every male must be circumcised .
0	you will cut the skin to show that you follow the agreement between me and you .
0	so every baby boy in your nation will be circumcised . every boy who is born from your family or bought as a slave will be circumcised .
0	god said to abraham , “ i will give sarai , your wife , a new name . her new name will be sarah .
0	then abraham said to god , “ i hope ishmael will live and serve you . ”
0	but i will make my agreement with isaac , the son who sarah will have . he will be born at this same time next year . ”
0	after god finished talking with abraham , god went up into heaven .
0	abraham was 99 years old when he was circumcised .
0	and ishmael , his son , was 13 years old when he was circumcised .
0	abraham and his son were circumcised on the same day .
0	he looked up and saw three men standing in front of him . when he saw the men , he ran to them and bowed before them .
0	abraham said , “ sirs , please stay a while with me , your servant .
0	i will bring some water to wash your feet . you can rest under the trees .
0	i will get some food for you , and you can eat as much as you want . then you can continue your journey . ”
0	abraham hurried to the tent . he said to sarah , “ quickly , prepare enough flour for three loaves of bread . ”
0	then the men said to abraham , “ where is your wife sarah ? ”
0	then one of them said , “ i will come again in the spring . at that time your wife sarah will have a son . ”
0	abraham and sarah were very old . sarah was past the right age for women to have children .
0	so she laughed to herself and said , “ i am old , and my husband is old . i am too old to have a baby . ”
0	then the lord said to abraham , “ sarah laughed and said she was too old to have a baby .
0	sarah said , “ i didn ’ t laugh ! ” ( she said this because she was afraid . )
0	then the men got up to leave . they looked toward sodom and began walking in that direction . abraham walked with them to send them on their way .
0	the lord said to himself , “ should i tell abraham what i am going to do now ?
0	abraham will become a great and powerful nation , and all the nations on earth will be blessed because of him .
0	then the lord said , “ i have heard many times that the people of sodom and gomorrah are very evil .
0	i will go and see if they are as bad as i have heard . then i will know for sure . ”
0	so the men turned and started walking toward sodom while abraham stood there before the lord .
0	then abraham approached him and asked , “ will you destroy the good people while you are destroying those who are evil ?
0	then the lord said , “ if i find fifty good people in the city of sodom , i will save the whole city . ”
0	then abraham said , “ compared to you , lord , i am only dust and ashes . but let me bother you again and ask you this question .
0	what if there are five less than fifty ? will you destroy a whole city because of just five people ? ”
0	abraham spoke again . he said , “ and if you find only forty good people there , will you destroy the city ? ”
0	then abraham said , “ lord , may i bother you again and ask , what if there are twenty good people ? ”
0	the lord finished speaking to abraham and left . then abraham went back home .
0	“ where are the two men who came to you tonight ? bring them out to us . we want to have sex with them . ”
0	lot went outside and closed the door behind him .
0	he said to the men , “ no , my friends , i beg you , please don ’ t do this evil thing !
0	but the two men staying with lot opened the door , pulled him back inside the house , and closed the door .
0	we are going to destroy this city . the lord heard how evil this city is , so he sent us to destroy it . ”
0	but lot said to the two men , “ sirs , please don ’ t force me to run so far !
0	look , there is a very small town near here . let me run to that town . i can run there and be safe . ”
0	the angel said to lot , “ very well , i ’ ll let you do that . i will not destroy that town .
0	lot was entering the town as the sun came up ,
0	and the lord began to destroy sodom and gomorrah . he caused fire and burning sulfur to fall from the sky .
0	he destroyed the whole valley—all the cities , the people living in the cities , and all the plants in the valley .
0	lot ’ s wife was following behind him and looked back at the city . when she did , she became a block of salt .
0	early the next morning , abraham got up and went to the place where he stood before the lord .
0	abraham looked down into the valley toward the cities of sodom and gomorrah . he saw clouds of smoke rising from the land , like smoke from a furnace .
0	god destroyed the cities in the valley , but he remembered what abraham had said . so god sent lot away from those cities before destroying them .
0	lot was afraid to stay in zoar , so he and his two daughters went to live in the mountains in a cave .
0	both of lot ’ s daughters became pregnant . their father was the father of their babies .
0	the older daughter gave birth to a son . she named him moab . moab is the ancestor of all the moabites living today .
0	the younger daughter also gave birth to a son . she named him ben-ammi . ben-ammi is the ancestor of all the ammonites living today .
0	abraham left that place and traveled to the negev . he settled in the city of gerar , between kadesh and shur . while in gerar ,
0	abraham told people that sarah was his sister . king abimelech of gerar heard this . abimelech wanted sarah , so he sent some servants to take her .
0	but one night god spoke to abimelech in a dream and said , “ you will die . the woman you took is married . ”
0	but abimelech had not yet slept with sarah , so he said , “ lord , i am not guilty . would you kill an innocent man ?
0	so very early the next morning , abimelech called all his servants and told them about the dream . the servants were very afraid .
0	what were you afraid of ? why did you do this to me ? ”
0	then abraham said , “ i thought no one in this place respected god . i thought someone would kill me to get sarah .
0	she is my wife , but she is also my sister . she is the daughter of my father but not the daughter of my mother .
0	so abimelech gave sarah back to abraham . abimelech also gave abraham some sheep , cattle , and slaves .
0	and abimelech said , “ look all around you . this is my land . you may live any place you want . ”
0	the lord came back to visit sarah as he said he would , and he kept his promise to her .
0	at exactly the time god said it would happen , sarah became pregnant and gave birth to a son for abraham in his old age .
0	abraham named his son isaac .
0	abraham did what god commanded and circumcised isaac when he was eight days old .
0	abraham was 100 years old when his son isaac was born .
0	sarah said , “ god has made me happy , and everyone who hears about this will be happy with me .
0	isaac continued to grow , and soon he was old enough to begin eating solid food . so abraham gave a big party .
0	sarah saw hagar ’ s son playing . ( hagar was the egyptian slave woman who gave birth to abraham ’ s first son . )
0	this upset abraham very much . he was worried about his son ishmael .
0	but i will also bless the son of your slave woman . he is your son , so i will make a great nation from his family also . ”
0	after some time , when all their drinking water was gone , hagar put her son under a bush .
0	go help the boy . hold his hand and lead him . i will make him the father of many people . ”
0	his mother found a wife for him in egypt . they continued to live in the paran desert .
0	and abraham said , “ i promise to treat you the same way you have treated me . ”
0	then abraham complained to abimelech because abimelech ’ s servants had captured a well of water .
0	but abimelech said , “ i don ’ t know who did this . you never told me about this before today ! ”
0	so abraham and abimelech made an agreement . abraham gave abimelech some sheep and cattle as proof of the agreement .
0	abraham also put seven female lambs in front of abimelech .
0	abimelech asked abraham , “ why did you put these seven female lambs by themselves ? ”
0	abraham answered , “ when you accept these lambs from me , it will be proof that i dug this well . ”
0	so after that , the well was called beersheba . abraham gave the well this name because it was the place where they made a promise to each other .
0	so abraham and abimelech made an agreement at beersheba . then abimelech and phicol , his military commander , went back to the country of the philistines .
0	abraham planted a special tree at beersheba and prayed to the lord , the god who lives forever .
0	and abraham lived as a stranger for a long time in the country of the philistines .
0	after these things god decided to test abraham ’ s faith . god said to him , “ abraham ! ”
0	after they traveled three days , abraham looked up , and in the distance he saw the place where they were going .
0	isaac said to his father abraham , “ father ! ”
0	abraham answered , “ god himself is providing the lamb for the sacrifice , my son . ”
0	then abraham reached for his knife to kill his son .
0	but the angel of the lord stopped him . the angel called from heaven and said , “ abraham , abraham ! ”
0	the angel of the lord called to abraham from heaven a second time .
0	every nation on the earth will be blessed through your descendants . i will do this because you obeyed me . ”
0	then abraham went back to his servants . they all traveled back to beersheba , and abraham stayed there .
0	after all these things happened , a message was sent to abraham . it said , “ your brother nahor and his wife milcah have children now .
0	the first son is uz . the second son is buz . the third son is kemuel , the father of aram .
0	then there are kesed , hazo , pildash , jidlaph , and bethuel . ”
0	bethuel was the father of rebekah . milcah was the mother of these eight sons , and nahor was the father . nahor was abraham ’ s brother .
0	also nahor had four other sons from his slave woman reumah . the sons were tebah , gaham , tahash , and maacah .
0	sarah lived to be 127 years old .
0	she died in the city of kiriath arba ( hebron ) in the land of canaan . abraham was very sad and cried for her there .
0	then he left his dead wife and went to talk to the hittites . he said ,
0	the hittites answered abraham ,
0	abraham got up and bowed to the people .
0	he said to them , “ if you really want to help me bury my dead wife , speak to ephron the son of zohar for me .
0	ephron was sitting there among the people . he answered abraham ,
0	abraham bowed before the hittites .
0	“ sir , listen to me . ten pounds of silver mean nothing to you or me . take the land and bury your dead wife . ”
0	after this , abraham buried his wife sarah in the cave of that field near mamre ( hebron ) in the land of canaan .
0	abraham bought the field and the cave in it from the hittites . so this became his property to be used as a burial place .
0	abraham lived to be a very old man . the lord blessed him and everything he did .
0	abraham ’ s oldest servant was in charge of everything he owned . abraham called that servant to him and said , “ put your hand under my leg .
0	go back to my country , to my own people , to find a wife for my son isaac . bring her here to him . ”
0	abraham said to him , “ no , don ’ t take my son to that place .
0	if the girl refuses to come with you , you will be free from this promise . but you must not take my son back to that place . ”
0	so the servant put his hand under his master ’ s leg and made the promise .
0	here i am , standing by this well of water , and the young women from the city are coming out to get water .
0	then the servant ran to her and said , “ please give me a little water to drink from your jar . ”
0	rebekah quickly lowered the jar from her shoulder and gave him a drink . she said , “ drink this , sir . ”
0	as soon as she finished giving him something to drink , rebekah said , “ i will also pour some water for your camels . ”
0	the servant quietly watched her . he wanted to be sure that the lord had given him an answer and had made his trip successful .
0	the servant asked , “ who is your father ? and is there a place in your father ’ s house for me and my men to sleep ? ”
0	rebekah answered , “ my father is bethuel , the son of milcah and nahor . ”
0	then she said , “ yes , we have straw and other food for your camels and a place for you to sleep . ”
0	the servant bowed and worshiped the lord .
0	then rebekah ran and told her family about all these things .
0	the servant said , “ i am abraham ’ s servant .
0	so you must promise to go to my father ’ s country . go to my family and choose a wife for my son . ’
0	i said to my master , ‘ maybe the woman will not come back to this place with me . ’
0	“ today i came to this well and said , ‘ lord , god of my master abraham , please make my trip successful .
0	then laban and bethuel answered , “ we see that this is from the lord , so there is nothing we can say to change it .
0	here is rebekah . take her and go . let her marry your master ’ s son . this is what the lord wants . ”
0	when abraham ’ s servant heard this , he bowed to the ground before the lord .
0	rebekah ’ s brother and mother said , “ we will call rebekah and ask her what she wants to do . ”
0	they called her and asked her , “ do you want to go with this man now ? ”
0	so they allowed rebekah to go with abraham ’ s servant and his men . her nurse also went with them .
0	while rebekah was leaving they said to her ,
0	then rebekah and her nurse got on the camels and followed the servant and his men . so the servant took rebekah and left .
0	isaac had left beer lahai roi and was now living in the negev .
0	one evening he went out to the field to think . he looked up and saw the camels coming from far away .
0	rebekah also looked and saw isaac . then she jumped down from the camel .
0	she said to the servant , “ who is that young man walking in the field to meet us ? ”
0	the servant told isaac everything that had happened .
0	abraham married again . his new wife was named keturah .
0	she gave birth to zimran , jokshan , medan , midian , ishbak , and shuah .
0	jokshan was the father of sheba and dedan . the people of asshur , leum , and letush were descendants of dedan .
0	the sons of midian were ephah , epher , hanoch , abida , and eldaah . all these sons came from the marriage of abraham and keturah .
0	abraham lived to be 175 years old .
0	then he grew weak and died . he had lived a long and satisfying life . he died and went to be with his people .
0	this is the same cave that abraham bought from the hittites . he was buried there with his wife sarah .
0	after abraham died , god blessed isaac . isaac was living at beer lahai roi .
0	this is the list of ishmael ’ s family . ishmael was abraham and hagar ’ s son . ( hagar was sarah ’ s egyptian maid . )
0	these are the names of ishmael ’ s sons : the first son was nebaioth ; then kedar was born , then adbeel , mibsam ,
0	mishma , dumah , massa ,
0	hadad , tema , jetur , naphish , and kedemah .
0	ishmael lived to be 137 years old . then he died and went to be with his people .
0	this is the story of isaac . abraham had a son named isaac .
0	while rebekah was pregnant , the babies inside her struggled with one another . she prayed to the lord and said , “ what is happening to me ? ”
0	the lord said to her ,
0	when the right time came , rebekah gave birth to twins .
0	the first baby was red . his skin was like a hairy robe . so he was named esau .
0	isaac loved esau . he liked to eat the animals esau killed . but rebekah loved jacob .
0	one day esau came back from hunting . he was tired and weak from hunger . jacob was boiling a pot of beans .
0	but jacob said , “ you must sell me your rights as the firstborn son . ”
0	esau said , “ i am almost dead with hunger , so what good are these rights to me now ? ”
0	the lord spoke to isaac and said , “ don ’ t go down to egypt . live in the land that i commanded you to live in .
0	i will do this because your father abraham obeyed my words and did what i said . he obeyed my commands , my laws , and my rules . ”
0	so isaac settled in gerar .
0	after isaac had lived there a long time , abimelech looked out of his window and saw isaac and his wife enjoying one another .
0	abimelech called for isaac and said , “ this woman is your wife . why did you tell us that she was your sister ? ”
0	isaac planted fields in that place , and that year he gathered a great harvest . the lord blessed him very much .
0	isaac became rich . he gathered more and more wealth until he became a very rich man .
0	he had many flocks and herds of animals . he also had many slaves . all the philistines were jealous of him .
0	so they destroyed all the wells that isaac ’ s father abraham and his servants had dug many years before . they filled them with sand .
0	abimelech said to isaac , “ leave our country . you have become much more powerful than we are . ”
0	so isaac left that place and camped near the little river of gerar . he stayed there and lived .
0	isaac ’ s servants also dug a well near the little river and found fresh water .
0	then isaac ’ s servants dug another well . but there was an argument over this well too . so isaac named that well sitnah .
0	from there isaac went to beersheba .
0	so isaac built an altar and worshiped the lord in that place . he set up camp there , and his servants dug a well .
0	abimelech came from gerar to see isaac . he brought with him ahuzzath , his advisor , and phicol , the commander of his army .
0	isaac asked , “ why have you come to see me ? you were not friendly to me before . you even forced me to leave your country . ”
0	so isaac gave a party for them . they all ate and drank .
0	early the next morning each man made a promise and a vow . then the men left in peace .
0	so isaac named it shibah . and that city is still called beersheba .
0	when esau was 40 years old , he married two hittite women . one was judith the daughter of beeri . the other was basemath the daughter of elon .
0	these marriages made isaac and rebekah very unhappy .
0	isaac said , “ i am old . maybe i will die soon .
0	so take your bow and arrows and go hunting . kill an animal for me to eat .
0	prepare the food that i love . bring it to me , and i will eat it . then i will bless you before i die . ”
0	so esau went hunting .
0	rebekah said to her son jacob , “ listen , i heard your father talking to your brother esau .
0	so listen , son , and do what i tell you .
0	go out to our goats and bring me two young ones . i will prepare them the way your father loves them .
0	then you will carry the food to your father , and he will bless you before he dies . ”
0	but jacob told his mother rebekah , “ my brother esau is a hairy man . i am not hairy like him .
0	so rebekah said to him , “ i will accept the blame if there is trouble . do what i said . go get the goats for me . ”
0	so jacob went out and got two goats and brought them to his mother . his mother cooked the goats in the special way that isaac loved .
0	then rebekah took the clothes that her older son esau loved to wear . she put these clothes on the younger son jacob .
0	she took the skins of the goats and put them on jacob ’ s hands and on his neck .
0	then she got the food she had cooked and gave it to jacob .
0	jacob went to his father and said , “ father . ”
0	but isaac said to his son , “ how have you hunted and killed the animals so quickly ? ”
0	isaac did not know it was jacob , because his arms were hairy like esau ’ s . so isaac blessed jacob .
0	isaac said , “ are you really my son esau ? ”
0	then isaac said to him . “ son , come near and kiss me . ”
0	so jacob went to his father and kissed him . when isaac smelled esau ’ s clothes , he blessed him and said ,
0	may god give you plenty of rain ,
0	may the nations serve you
0	isaac finished blessing jacob . then , just as jacob left his father isaac , esau came in from hunting .
0	but isaac said to him , “ who are you ? ”
0	isaac said , “ your brother tricked me ! he came and took your blessing ! ”
0	but esau continued to beg his father . “ do you have only one blessing , father ? bless me also , father ! ” esau began to cry .
0	then isaac said to him ,
0	you will have to fight to live ,
0	so , son , do what i say . my brother laban is living in haran . go to him and hide .
0	stay with him for a short time until your brother stops being angry .
0	isaac called jacob and blessed him . then isaac gave him a command and said , “ you must not marry a canaanite woman .
0	i pray that god all-powerful will bless you and give you many children . i pray that you will become the father of a great nation
0	esau learned that jacob obeyed his father and his mother and went to paddan aram .
0	esau saw from this that his father did not want his sons to marry canaanite women .
0	jacob left beersheba and went to haran .
0	jacob was afraid and said , “ this is a very great place . this is the house of god . this is the gate to heaven . ”
0	the name of that place was luz , but jacob named it bethel .
0	and if i return in peace to my father ’ s house—if he does all these things—then the lord will be my god .
0	then jacob continued his trip . he went to the country in the east .
0	jacob said to the shepherds there , “ brothers , where are you from ? ”
0	then jacob said , “ do you know laban , the son of nahor ? ”
0	then jacob said , “ how is he ? ”
0	while jacob was talking with the shepherds , rachel came with her father ’ s sheep . ( it was her job to take care of the sheep . )
0	then jacob kissed rachel and cried .
0	then laban said , “ this is wonderful ! you are from my own family. ” so jacob stayed with laban for a month .
0	now laban had two daughters . the older was leah and the younger was rachel .
0	leah ’ s eyes were gentle , but rachel was beautiful .
0	jacob loved rachel , so he said to laban , “ i will work seven years for you if you will allow me to marry your daughter rachel . ”
0	laban said , “ it would be better for her to marry you than someone else . so stay with me . ”
0	so jacob stayed and worked for laban for seven years . but it seemed like a very short time because he loved rachel very much .
0	after seven years jacob said to laban , “ give me rachel so that i can marry her . my time of work for you is finished . ”
0	so laban gave a party for all the people in that place .
0	that night laban brought his daughter leah to jacob . jacob and leah had sexual relations together .
0	( laban gave his maid zilpah to his daughter to be her maid . )
0	laban said , “ in our country we don ’ t allow the younger daughter to marry before the older daughter .
0	continue for the full week of the marriage ceremony , and i will also give you rachel to marry . but you must serve me another seven years . ”
0	so jacob did this and finished the week . then laban gave him his daughter rachel as a wife .
0	( laban gave his maid bilhah to his daughter rachel to be her maid . )
0	so jacob had sexual relations with rachel also . and jacob loved rachel more than leah . jacob worked for laban for another seven years .
0	the lord saw that jacob loved rachel more than leah , so he made it possible for leah to have children . but rachel did not have any children .
0	jacob became angry with rachel and said , “ i am not god . he is the one who has caused you to not have children . ”
0	so rachel gave bilhah to her husband jacob . he had sexual relations with bilhah .
0	she became pregnant and gave birth to a son for jacob .
0	rachel said , “ god has listened to my prayer . he decided to give me a son. ” so she named this son dan .
0	bilhah became pregnant again and gave jacob a second son .
0	rachel said , “ i have fought hard to compete with my sister , and i have won. ” so she named that son naphtali .
0	leah saw that she could have no more children . so she gave her slave girl zilpah to jacob .
0	then zilpah had a son .
0	leah said , “ i am lucky. ” so she named the son gad .
0	zilpah gave birth to another son .
0	leah said , “ i am very happy ! now women will call me happy. ” so she named that son asher .
0	leah answered , “ you have already taken away my husband . now you are trying to take away my son ’ s flowers . ”
0	then god allowed leah to become pregnant again . she gave birth to a fifth son .
0	she said , “ god has given me a reward because i gave my slave to my husband. ” so she named her son issachar .
0	leah became pregnant again and gave birth to a sixth son .
0	later , leah gave birth to a daughter . she named her dinah .
0	then god heard rachel ’ s prayer and made it possible for rachel to have children .
0	she became pregnant and gave birth to a son . she said , “ god has taken away my shame . ”
0	rachel named the son joseph , saying , “ may the lord give me another son . ”
0	after the birth of joseph , jacob said to laban , “ now let me go back to my own homeland .
0	give me my wives and my children . i have earned them by working for you . you know that i served you well . ”
0	laban said to him , “ please , let me say something . i know that the lord has blessed me because of you .
0	tell me what i should pay you , and i will give it to you . ”
0	jacob answered , “ you know that i have worked hard for you . your flocks have grown and been well while i cared for them .
0	laban asked , “ then what should i give you ? ”
0	laban answered , “ i agree to that . we will do what you ask . ”
0	then jacob cut green branches from poplar and almond trees . he stripped off some of the bark so that the branches had white stripes on them .
0	he put the branches in front of the flocks at the watering places . when the animals came to drink , they also mated in that place .
0	then when the goats mated in front of the branches , the young that were born were spotted , striped , or black .
0	jacob separated the spotted and the black animals from the other animals in the flock . he kept his animals separate from laban ’ s .
0	any time the stronger animals in the flock were mating , jacob put the branches before their eyes . the animals mated near those branches .
0	in this way jacob became very rich . he had large flocks , many servants , camels , and donkeys .
0	then jacob noticed that laban was not as friendly as he had been in the past .
0	the lord said to jacob , “ go back to your own land where your ancestors lived . i will be with you . ”
0	so jacob told rachel and leah to meet him in the field where he kept his flocks of sheep and goats .
0	you both know that i have worked as hard as i could for your father .
0	but he cheated me . he has changed my pay ten times . but during all this time , god protected me from all of laban ’ s tricks .
0	so god has taken the animals away from your father and has given them to me .
0	the angel of god spoke to me in that dream . the angel said , ‘ jacob ! ’
0	rachel and leah answered jacob , “ our father has nothing to give us when he dies .
0	he treated us like strangers . he sold us to you , and then he spent all the money that should have been ours .
0	so jacob prepared for the trip . he put his children and his wives on camels .
0	while laban was gone to cut the wool from his sheep , rachel went into his house and stole the false gods that belonged to her father .
0	jacob tricked laban the aramean . he did not tell laban he was leaving .
0	jacob took his family and everything he owned and left quickly . they crossed the euphrates river and traveled toward the hill country of gilead .
0	three days later laban learned that jacob had run away .
0	so he gathered his men together and began to chase jacob . after seven days laban found jacob near the hill country of gilead .
0	that night god came to laban in a dream and said , “ be careful ! be careful of every word you say to jacob . ”
0	laban said to jacob , “ why did you trick me ? why did you take my daughters like they were women you captured during war ?
0	you didn ’ t even let me kiss my grandchildren and my daughters goodbye . you were very foolish to do this !
0	i know that you want to go back to your home . that is why you left . but why did you steal the gods from my house ? ”
0	jacob answered , “ i left without telling you , because i was afraid . i thought you would take your daughters away from me .
0	in the daytime the sun took away my strength , and at night sleep was taken from my eyes by the cold .
0	so i am ready to make an agreement with you . we will set up a pile of stones to show that we have an agreement . ”
0	so jacob found a large rock and put it there to show that he had made an agreement .
0	he told his men to find some more rocks and to make a pile of rocks . then they ate beside the pile of rocks .
0	laban named that place yegar sahadutha . but jacob named that place galeed .
0	laban said to jacob , “ this pile of rocks will help us both remember our agreement. ” that is why jacob called the place galeed .
0	then laban said , “ let the lord watch over us while we are separated from each other. ” so that place was also named mizpah .
0	then laban said , “ if you hurt my daughters , remember that god will punish you . if you marry other women , remember that god is watching .
0	here are the rocks that i have put between us , and here is the special rock to show that we made an agreement .
0	may the god of abraham , the god of nahor , and the god of their ancestors judge us guilty if we break this agreement . ”
0	early the next morning laban kissed his grandchildren and his daughters goodbye . he blessed them and went back home .
0	jacob also left that place . while he was traveling , he saw god ’ s angels .
0	when he saw them , he said , “ this is god ’ s camp ! ” so jacob named that place mahanaim .
0	jacob ’ s brother esau was living in the area called seir in the hill country of edom . jacob sent messengers to esau .
0	he told them , “ tell this to my master esau : ‘ your servant jacob says , i have lived with laban all these years .
0	i have many cattle , donkeys , flocks , and servants . sir , i am sending you this message to ask you to accept us . ’ ”
0	jacob was very frightened and worried . he divided the people who were with him and all the flocks , herds , and camels into two groups .
0	jacob thought , “ if esau comes and destroys one group , the other group can run away and be saved . ”
0	jacob stayed in that place for the night . he prepared some things to give to esau as a gift .
0	he took 200 female goats and 20 male goats , 200 female sheep and 20 male sheep .
0	he took 30 camels and their colts , 40 cows and 10 bulls , 20 female donkeys and 10 male donkeys .
0	you will say , ‘ this is a gift to you , and your servant jacob is behind us . ’ ”
0	so jacob sent the gifts to esau , but he stayed that night in the camp .
0	during the night , jacob got up and began moving his two wives , his two maids , and his eleven sons across the jabbok river at the crossing .
0	after he sent his family across the river , he sent across everything he had .
0	jacob was left alone , and a man came and wrestled with him . the man fought with him until the sun came up .
0	when the man saw that he could not defeat jacob , he touched jacob ’ s leg and put it out of joint .
0	then the man said to jacob , “ let me go . the sun is coming up . ”
0	and the man said to him , “ what is your name ? ”
0	then jacob asked him , “ please tell me your name . ”
0	so jacob named that place peniel . he said , “ at this place , i saw god face to face , but my life was spared . ”
0	then the sun came up as jacob left peniel . he was limping because of his leg .
0	jacob put the maids with their children first . then he put leah and her children behind them , and he put rachel and joseph in the last place .
0	jacob himself went out before them . while he was walking toward his brother esau , he bowed down to the ground seven times .
0	esau looked up and saw the women and children . he said , “ who are all these people with you ? ”
0	then the two maids and the children with them went to esau . they bowed down before him .
0	then leah and the children with her went to esau and bowed down . and then rachel and joseph went to him and bowed down .
0	esau said , “ who were all those people i saw while i was coming here ? and what were all those animals for ? ”
0	but esau said , “ you don ’ t have to give me gifts , brother . i have enough for myself . ”
0	then esau said , “ now you can continue your journey . i will go with you . ”
0	so esau said , “ then i will leave some of my men to help you . ”
0	so that day esau started on his trip back to seir .
0	but jacob went to succoth . there he built a house for himself and small barns for his cattle . that is why the place was named succoth .
0	jacob safely ended his trip from paddan aram when he came to the town of shechem in canaan . he made his camp in a field near the city .
0	he bought the field where he camped from the family of hamor , father of shechem . he paid 100 pieces of silver for it .
0	he built an altar there to honor god . he named the place “ el , the god of israel . ”
0	one day , dinah , the daughter of leah and jacob , went out to see the women of that place .
0	she was seen by shechem , the son of hamor the hivite , who ruled that area . shechem took dinah and raped her .
0	but he was so attracted to her that he fell in love and began expressing his feelings to her .
0	he told his father , “ please get this girl for me so that i can marry her . ”
0	then shechem ’ s father , hamor , came out to talk with jacob .
0	but hamor talked to dinah ’ s brothers and said , “ my son shechem wants dinah very much . please let him marry her .
0	this marriage will show we have a special agreement . then our men can marry your women , and your men can marry our women .
0	you can live in the same land with us . you will be free to own the land and to trade here . ”
0	shechem also talked to jacob and to dinah ’ s brothers and said , “ please accept me . i will do anything you ask me to do .
0	jacob ’ s sons decided to lie to shechem and his father because shechem had done such a bad thing to their sister dinah .
0	the brothers said to them , “ we can not allow our sister to marry you because you are not yet circumcised . that would bring us shame .
0	but we will allow you to marry her if you do this one thing : every man in your town must be circumcised like us .
0	then your men can marry our women , and our men can marry your women . then we will become one people .
0	if you refuse to be circumcised , we will take dinah away . ”
0	this agreement made hamor and shechem very happy .
0	shechem was very happy to do what dinah ’ s brothers asked .
0	hamor and shechem went to the meeting place of their city . they spoke to the men of the city and said ,
0	but there is one thing that all our men must agree to do . they must agree to be circumcised as they are .
0	all the men who heard this in the meeting place agreed with hamor and shechem . and every man was circumcised at that time .
0	dinah ’ s brothers , simeon and levi , killed hamor and his son shechem . then they took dinah out of shechem ’ s house and left .
0	jacob ’ s sons went to the city and stole everything that was there because of what shechem had done to their sister .
0	so the brothers took all their animals , all their donkeys , and everything else in the city and in the fields .
0	the brothers took everything those people owned . they even took their wives and children .
0	but the brothers said , “ should we let these people treat our sister like a prostitute ? they were wrong to do that to our sister ! ”
0	so jacob and his people went to luz , which is now called bethel . it is in the land of canaan .
0	deborah , rebekah ’ s nurse , died there . they buried her under the oak tree at bethel . they named that place allon bacuth .
0	when jacob came back from paddan aram , god appeared to him again . god blessed jacob
0	i gave abraham and isaac some special land . now i give the land to you and to all your people who will live after you . ”
0	then god left that place .
0	jacob and his group left bethel . before they came to ephrath , rachel began giving birth to her baby .
0	rachel died while giving birth to the son . before dying , she named the boy benoni . but jacob called him benjamin .
0	rachel was buried on the road to ephrath ( that is , bethlehem ) .
0	jacob put a special rock on rachel ’ s grave to honor her . that special rock is still there today .
0	then israel continued his journey . he camped just south of eder tower .
0	his firstborn son was reuben , whose mother was leah . jacob ’ s other sons by leah were simeon , levi , judah , issachar , and zebulun .
0	his sons by rachel were joseph and benjamin .
0	his sons by bilhah , rachel ’ s maid , were dan and naphtali .
0	his sons by zilpah , leah ’ s maid , were gad and asher .
0	jacob went to his father isaac at mamre in kiriath arba ( hebron ) . this is where abraham and isaac had lived .
0	isaac lived 180 years .
0	this is the history of the family of esau ( edom ) .
0	basemath , ishmael ’ s daughter , the sister of nebaioth .
0	esau and adah had a son named eliphaz . basemath had a son named reuel .
0	oholibamah had three sons : jeush , jalam , and korah . these were esau ’ s sons who were born in the land of canaan .
0	esau is the father of the people of edom . these are the names of esau ’ s family living in the hill country of seir :
0	esau and adah ’ s son was eliphaz . esau and basemath ’ s son was reuel .
0	eliphaz had five sons : teman , omar , zepho , gatam , and kenaz .
0	eliphaz also had a slave woman named timna . timna and eliphaz had a son named amalek .
0	reuel had four sons : nahath , zerah , shammah , and mizzah .
0	these are the family groups that came from esau :
0	korah , gatam , and amalek .
0	esau ’ s son reuel was the father of these families : nahath , zerah , shammah , and mizzah .
0	esau ’ s wife oholibamah , daughter of anah , gave birth to jeush , jalam , and korah . these three men were the leaders of their families .
0	they were all sons of esau and leaders of the family groups of edom .
0	seir , a horite man , lived in edom before esau . these are the sons of seir :
0	dishon , ezer , and dishan . these sons were all horite family leaders from seir in edom .
0	lotan was the father of hori and heman . ( timna was lotan ’ s sister . )
0	shobal was the father of alvan , manahath , ebal , shepho , and onam .
0	anah was the father of dishon and oholibamah .
0	dishon had four sons . they were hemdan , eshban , ithran , and keran .
0	ezer had three sons . they were bilhan , zaavan , and akan .
0	dishan had two sons . they were uz and aran .
0	these are the names of the leaders of the horite families : lotan , shobal , zibeon , anah ,
0	dishon , ezer , and dishan . these men were the leaders of the families that lived in the country of seir .
0	at that time there were kings in edom . edom had kings a long time before israel did .
0	bela son of beor was a king who ruled in edom . he ruled over the city of dinhabah .
0	when bela died , jobab became king . jobab was the son of zerah from bozrah .
0	when jobab died , husham ruled . husham was from the land of the temanites .
0	when hadad died , samlah ruled that country . samlah was from masrekah .
0	when samlah died , shaul ruled that area . shaul was from rehoboth by the river .
0	when shaul died , baal hanan ruled that country . baal hanan was the son of acbor .
0	esau was the father of these edomite families :
0	jacob stayed and lived in the land of canaan . this is the same land where his father had lived .
0	this is the story of jacob ’ s family .
0	one time joseph had a special dream . later , he told his brothers about this dream , and after that his brothers hated him even more .
0	joseph said , “ i had a dream .
0	joseph ’ s brothers continued to be jealous of him , but his father thought about all these things and wondered what they could mean .
0	one day joseph ’ s brothers went to shechem to care for their father ’ s sheep .
0	jacob said to joseph , “ go to shechem . your brothers are there with my sheep . ”
0	at shechem , joseph got lost . a man found him wandering in the fields . the man said , “ what are you looking for ? ”
0	joseph answered , “ i am looking for my brothers . can you tell me where they are with their sheep ? ”
0	joseph ’ s brothers saw him coming from far away . they decided to make a plan to kill him .
0	they said to each other , “ here comes joseph the dreamer .
0	but reuben wanted to save joseph . he said , “ let ’ s not kill him .
0	we can put him into a well without hurting him. ” reuben planned to save joseph and send him back to his father .
0	when joseph came to his brothers , they attacked him and tore off his long and beautiful coat .
0	then they threw him into an empty well that was dry .
0	so judah said to his brothers , “ what profit will we get if we kill our brother and hide his death ?
0	we will profit more if we sell him to these traders . then we will not be guilty of killing our own brother. ” the other brothers agreed .
0	reuben went to the brothers and said , “ the boy is not in the well ! what will i do ? ”
0	the brothers killed a goat and put the goat ’ s blood on joseph ’ s beautiful coat .
0	then the brothers showed the coat to their father . and the brothers said , “ we found this coat . is this joseph ’ s coat ? ”
0	the midianite traders later sold joseph in egypt . they sold him to potiphar , an officer of the king of egypt and the captain of his palace guards .
0	about that time , judah left his brothers and went to stay with a man named hirah from the town of adullam .
0	judah met a canaanite girl there and married her . the girl ’ s father was named shua .
0	the canaanite girl gave birth to a son and named him er .
0	later , she gave birth to another son and named him onan .
0	then she had another son named shelah . judah lived in kezib when his third son was born .
0	judah chose a woman named tamar to be the wife of his first son er .
0	but er did many bad things . the lord was not happy with him , so the lord killed him .
0	this made the lord angry . so he killed onan also .
0	tamar learned that judah , her father-in-law , was going to timnah to cut the wool from his sheep .
0	so he went to her and said , “ let me have sex with you. ” ( judah did not know that she was tamar , his daughter-in-law . )
0	judah answered , “ i will send you a young goat from my flock . ”
0	judah asked , “ what do you want me to give you as proof that i will send you the goat ? ”
0	then tamar went home , took off her veil that covered her face , and again put on the special clothes that showed she was a widow .
0	he asked some of the men at the town of enaim , “ where is the prostitute who was here by the road ? ”
0	about three months later , someone told judah , “ your daughter-in-law tamar sinned like a prostitute , and now she is pregnant . ”
0	the time came for tamar to give birth . she was going to have twins .
0	after this , the other baby was born . this was the baby with the red string on his hand . they named him zerah .
0	the traders who bought joseph took him down to egypt . they sold him to the captain of pharaoh ’ s guard , potiphar .
0	the lord helped joseph become a successful man . joseph lived in the house of his master , potiphar the egyptian .
0	potiphar saw that the lord was with joseph and that the lord helped joseph be successful in everything he did .
0	so potiphar allowed joseph to take responsibility for everything in the house . potiphar didn ’ t have to worry about anything except deciding what to eat .
0	but joseph refused . he said , “ my master trusts me with everything in his house . he has given me responsibility for everything here .
0	the woman talked with joseph every day , but he refused to sleep with her .
0	one day joseph went into the house to do his work . he was the only man in the house at the time .
0	the woman saw that joseph had left his coat in her hand and had run out of the house .
0	my scream scared him and he ran away , but he left his coat with me . ”
0	then she kept his coat until her husband , joseph ’ s master , came home .
0	she told her husband the same story . she said , “ this hebrew slave you brought here tried to attack me !
0	but when he came near me , i screamed . he ran away , but he left his coat . ”
0	joseph ’ s master listened to what his wife said , and he became very angry .
0	so potiphar put joseph into the prison where the king ’ s enemies were held , and that is where joseph remained .
0	the lord was with joseph and continued to show his kindness to him , so the commander of the prison guards began to like joseph .
0	the commander of the guards put joseph in charge of all the prisoners . joseph was their leader , but he still did the same work they did .
0	later , two of pharaoh ’ s servants did something wrong to pharaoh . these servants were the baker and the man who served wine to pharaoh .
0	pharaoh became angry with his baker and wine server ,
0	so he put them in the same prison as joseph . potiphar , the commander of pharaoh ’ s guards , was in charge of this prison .
0	the commander put the two prisoners under joseph ’ s care . the two men continued to stay in prison for some time .
0	one night both of the prisoners had a dream . the baker and the wine server each had his own dream , and each dream had its own meaning .
0	joseph went to them the next morning and saw that the two men were worried .
0	he asked them , “ why do you look so worried today ? ”
0	so the wine server told joseph his dream . the server said , “ i dreamed i saw a vine .
0	on the vine there were three branches . i watched the branches grow flowers and then become grapes .
0	i was holding pharaoh ’ s cup , so i took the grapes and squeezed the juice into the cup . then i gave the cup to pharaoh . ”
0	then joseph said , “ i will explain the dream to you . the three branches mean three days .
0	i was kidnapped and taken from the land of my people , the hebrews . i have done nothing wrong ! i should not be in prison . ”
0	in the top basket there were all kinds of baked food for the king , but birds were eating this food . ”
0	joseph answered , “ i will tell you what the dream means . the three baskets mean three days .
0	he freed the wine server and gave him his job back , and once again the wine server put a cup of wine in pharaoh ’ s hand .
0	but pharaoh hanged the baker , and everything happened the way joseph said it would .
0	but the wine server did not remember to help joseph . he said nothing about him to pharaoh . the wine server forgot about joseph .
0	two years later pharaoh dreamed that he was standing by the nile river .
0	in the dream , seven cows came out of the river and stood there eating grass . they were healthy , good-looking cows .
0	the seven sick cows ate the seven healthy cows . then pharaoh woke up .
0	then he saw seven more heads of grain sprouting , but they were thin and scorched by the hot wind .
0	the thin heads of grain ate the seven good heads of grain . then pharaoh woke up again and realized it was only a dream .
0	then the wine servant remembered joseph and said to pharaoh , “ i remember something that happened to me .
0	you were angry with the baker and me , and you put us in prison .
0	then one night he and i had a dream . each dream had a different meaning .
0	joseph answered , “ i can not ! but god can explain the dream for you , pharaoh . ”
0	then pharaoh said to joseph , “ in my dream i was standing by the nile river .
0	seven cows came up out of the river and stood there eating the grass . they were healthy , good-looking cows .
0	the thin , sick cows ate the first healthy cows ,
0	“ in my next dream i saw seven heads of grain growing on one plant . they were healthy and full of grain .
0	and then seven more heads of grain grew after them , but they were thin and scorched by the hot wind .
0	then the thin heads of grain ate the seven good heads of grain .
0	then joseph said to pharaoh , “ both of these dreams have the same meaning . god is telling you what will happen soon .
0	the seven good cows and the seven good heads of grain are seven good years .
0	god has shown you what will happen soon . he will make these things happen just as i told you .
0	for seven years there will be plenty of food in egypt .
0	it will be so bad that people will forget what it was like to have plenty of food .
0	so , pharaoh , you should choose a wise , intelligent man and put him in charge of egypt .
0	then during the seven years of hunger , there will be food for the country of egypt . and egypt will not be destroyed by the famine . ”
0	this seemed like a very good idea to pharaoh , and all his officials agreed .
0	so pharaoh said to joseph , “ god showed these things to you , so you must be the wisest man .
0	pharaoh said to joseph , “ i now make you governor over all of egypt . ”
0	joseph was 30 years old when he began serving the king of egypt . he traveled throughout the country of egypt .
0	during the seven good years , the crops in egypt grew very well .
0	joseph stored so much grain that it was like the sands of the sea . he stored so much grain that it could not be measured .
0	for seven years people had all the food they needed , but those years ended .
0	the famine began , and the people cried to pharaoh for food . pharaoh said to the egyptian people , “ go ask joseph what to do . ”
0	but the famine was bad everywhere . so people from the countries around egypt had to come to joseph in egypt to buy grain .
0	i have heard that there is grain for sale in egypt . go there and buy grain for us so that we will live and not die ! ”
0	so ten of joseph ’ s brothers went to egypt to buy grain .
0	jacob did not send benjamin . ( benjamin was joseph ’ s only full brother . ) jacob was afraid that something bad might happen to benjamin .
0	joseph recognized his brothers , but they did not know who he was .
0	then joseph remembered the dreams that he had dreamed about his brothers .
0	but the brothers said to him , “ no , sir , we come as your servants . we have come only to buy food .
0	we are all brothers—we all have the same father . we are honest men . we have come only to buy food . ”
0	then joseph said to them , “ no , you have come to spy on us ! ”
0	but joseph said to them , “ no ! i can see that i am right . you are spies .
0	then joseph put them all in prison for three days .
0	after three days joseph said to them , “ i am a god-fearing man . do this , and i will let you live .
0	if you are honest men , one of your brothers can stay here in prison , and the others can go and carry grain back to your people .
0	so the brothers put the grain on their donkeys and left .
0	the brothers went back to their father jacob in the land of canaan . they told him about everything that had happened .
0	they said , “ the governor of that country spoke rudely to us . he thought that we were spies !
0	we told him , ‘ we are honest men , not spies .
0	the famine was very bad in that country .
0	if you send benjamin with us , we will go down and buy grain .
0	but if you refuse to send benjamin , we will not go . the man warned us to not come back without him . ”
0	israel said , “ why did you tell him you had another brother ? why did you do such a bad thing to me ? ”
0	if you had let us go before , we could have already made two trips for food . ”
0	take benjamin , and go back to the man .
0	the servant did as he was told . he brought the men into joseph ’ s house .
0	so the brothers went to the servant in charge of joseph ’ s house .
0	they said , “ sir , i promise this is the truth . the last time we came , we came to buy food .
0	the servant led the men into joseph ’ s house . he gave them water , and they washed their feet . then he fed their donkeys .
0	the brothers heard that they were going to eat with joseph , so they worked until noon preparing their gifts for him .
0	when joseph came home , the brothers gave him the gifts they had brought with them . then they bowed down to the ground in front of him .
0	joseph asked them how they were doing . then he said , “ how is your elderly father you told me about ? is he still alive ? ”
0	the brothers answered , “ yes , sir , our father is still alive. ” and they again bowed before joseph .
0	then joseph washed his face and came out . he regained control of himself and said , “ now it is time to eat . ”
0	put the youngest brother ’ s money in his sack too . but also put my special silver cup in his sack. ” so the servant obeyed joseph .
0	early the next morning the brothers and their donkeys were sent back to their country .
0	my master drinks from that cup , and he uses it to learn secret things . what you did was wrong ! ’ ”
0	so the servant obeyed . he rode out to the brothers and stopped them . the servant said to them what joseph had told him to say .
0	but the brothers said to the servant , “ why does the governor say these things ? we wouldn ’ t do anything like that !
0	we brought back the money that we found in our sacks before . so surely we wouldn ’ t steal silver or gold from your master ’ s house .
0	if you find the silver cup in any of our sacks , let that man die . you can kill him , and we will be your slaves . ”
0	then every brother quickly opened his sack on the ground .
0	the servant started looking in the sacks . he started with the oldest brother and ended with the youngest . he found the cup in benjamin ’ s sack .
0	the brothers were very sad . they tore their clothes to show their sadness . they put their sacks back on the donkeys and went back to the city .
0	when judah and his brothers went back to joseph ’ s house , joseph was still there . the brothers fell to the ground and bowed down before him .
0	when we were here before , you asked us , ‘ do you have a father or a brother ? ’
0	then you said to us , ‘ bring that brother to me . i want to see him . ’
0	but you said to us , ‘ you must bring your youngest brother , or i will not sell you grain again . ’
0	so we went back to our father and told him what you said .
0	“ later , our father said , ‘ go back and buy us some more food . ’
0	then my father said to us , ‘ you know that my wife rachel gave me two sons .
0	i let one son go away , and he was killed by a wild animal . and i haven ’ t seen him since .
0	if you take my other son away from me , and something happens to him , i will be sad enough to die . ’
0	now , imagine what will happen when we go home without our youngest brother—he is the most important thing in our father ’ s life !
0	so now i beg you , please let the boy go back with his brothers , and i will stay and be your slave .
0	i can not go back to my father if the boy is not with me . i am very afraid of what would happen to my father . ”
0	joseph continued to cry , and all the egyptian people in pharaoh ’ s house heard it .
0	this terrible famine has continued for two years now , and there will be five more years without planting or harvest .
0	so god sent me here ahead of you so that i can save your people in this country .
0	you can live near me in the land of goshen . you , your children , your grandchildren , and all of your animals are welcome here .
0	i will take care of you during the next five years of hunger . so you and your family will not lose everything you own . ’
0	“ surely you can see that i really am joseph . even my brother benjamin knows it is me , your brother , talking to you .
0	then joseph hugged his brother benjamin , and they both began crying .
0	then joseph cried as he kissed all his brothers . after this , the brothers began talking with him .
0	pharaoh learned that joseph ’ s brothers had come to him . this news spread throughout pharaoh ’ s house . pharaoh and his servants were very excited !
0	so pharaoh told joseph , “ tell your brothers to take all the food they need and go back to the land of canaan .
0	don ’ t worry about bringing all of their belongings . we can give them the best of egypt . ”
0	so the sons of israel did this . joseph gave them good wagons just as pharaoh had promised . and joseph gave them enough food for their trip .
0	he gave each brother a suit of beautiful clothes . but to benjamin he gave five suits of beautiful clothes and 300 pieces of silver .
0	so the brothers left egypt and went to their father in the land of canaan .
0	they told him , “ father , joseph is still alive ! and he is the governor over the whole country of egypt . ”
0	israel said , “ now i believe you . my son joseph is still alive ! i am going to see him before i die ! ”
0	so israel began his trip to egypt . first he went to beersheba . there he worshiped god , the god of his father isaac . he offered sacrifices .
0	during the night god spoke to israel in a dream and said , “ jacob , jacob . ”
0	they also had their cattle and everything they owned in the land of canaan . so israel went to egypt with all his children and his family .
0	with him were his sons and his grandsons , his daughters and his granddaughters . all of his family went with him .
0	these are the names of israel ’ s sons and family who went to egypt with him :
0	reuben ’ s sons were hanoch , pallu , hezron , and carmi .
0	levi ’ s sons were gershon , kohath , and merari .
0	issachar ’ s sons were tola , puah , job , and shimron .
0	zebulun ’ s sons were sered , elon , and jahleel .
0	gad ’ s sons were zephon , haggi , shuni , ezbon , eri , arodi , and areli .
0	asher ’ s sons were imnah , ishvah , ishvi , beriah , and their sister serah . also there were beriah ’ s sons , heber and malkiel .
0	benjamin ’ s sons were bela , beker , ashbel , gera , naaman , ehi , rosh , muppim , huppim , and ard .
0	these were the sons of jacob from his wife rachel . there were 14 people in this family .
0	dan ’ s son was hushim .
0	naphtali ’ s sons were jahziel , guni , jezer , and shillem .
0	also , joseph had two sons in egypt . with these two grandsons , jacob ’ s family in egypt numbered 70 people in all .
0	jacob sent judah ahead to speak to joseph . judah went to joseph in the land of goshen . then jacob and his people followed into the land .
0	then israel said to joseph , “ now i can die in peace . i have seen your face , and i know that you are still alive . ”
0	they are a family of shepherds . they have always kept sheep and cattle . they have brought all their animals and everything they own with them . ’
0	when pharaoh calls you , he will ask , ‘ what work do you do ? ’
0	joseph chose five of his brothers to be with him before the pharaoh .
0	pharaoh said to the brothers , “ what work do you do ? ”
0	then pharaoh said to joseph , “ your father and your brothers have come to you .
0	then joseph called his father jacob to come in to meet pharaoh . jacob blessed pharaoh .
0	then pharaoh said to him , “ how old are you ? ”
0	then jacob blessed pharaoh and left from his meeting with him .
0	joseph also gave his father , his brothers , and all their people the food they needed .
0	the famine got worse ; there was no food anywhere in the land . egypt and canaan became very poor because of this bad time .
0	people in the land bought more and more grain . joseph saved the money and brought it to pharaoh ’ s house .
0	but joseph answered , “ give me your cattle , and i will give you food . ”
0	so the people used their cattle and horses and all their other animals to buy food . and that year , joseph gave them food and took their animals .
0	so joseph bought all the land in egypt for pharaoh . all the people in egypt sold joseph their fields . they did this because they were very hungry .
0	and everywhere in egypt all the people became pharaoh ’ s slaves .
0	the people said , “ you have saved our lives . we are happy to be slaves to pharaoh . ”
0	israel stayed in egypt . he lived in the land of goshen . his family grew and became very large . they became landowners there and did very well .
0	jacob lived in egypt 17 years , so he was 147 years old .
0	bury me in the place where my ancestors are buried . carry me out of egypt and bury me in our family grave . ”
0	some time later joseph learned that his father was very sick . so he took his two sons , manasseh and ephraim , and went to his father .
0	then israel said to joseph , “ god all-powerful appeared to me at luz in the land of canaan . god blessed me there .
0	then israel saw joseph ’ s sons . israel said , “ who are these boys ? ”
0	joseph said to his father , “ these are my sons . these are the boys god gave me . ”
0	israel was old and his eyes were not good . so joseph brought the boys close to his father . israel kissed and hugged the boys .
0	then joseph took the boys off israel ’ s lap , and they bowed down in front of his father .
0	and israel blessed joseph and said ,
0	he was the angel who saved me from all my troubles .
0	joseph said to his father , “ you have your right hand on the wrong boy . manasseh is the firstborn . put your right hand on him . ”
0	so israel blessed them that day . he said ,
0	“ children of jacob , gather around .
0	“ reuben , my first son , you are my strength ,
0	but your passion was like a flood you couldn ’ t control .
0	“ simeon and levi are brothers .
0	i will not join their secret meetings .
0	their anger is so strong that it is a curse .
0	“ judah , your brothers will praise you .
0	judah is like a young lion .
0	men from judah ’ s family will be kings .
0	he ties his donkeys to the best grapevines .
0	his eyes are red from drinking wine .
0	“ zebulun will live near the sea .
0	“ issachar is like a donkey that has worked too hard .
0	he will see his land is pleasant
0	“ dan will rule his people
0	dan will be like a snake at the side of the road .
0	“ lord , i am waiting for your salvation .
0	“ a group of robbers will attack gad ,
0	“ asher ’ s land will grow much good food .
0	“ naphtali is like a deer running free ,
0	“ joseph is like a wild donkey ,
0	people attacked him and made life hard for him .
0	but he won the fight
0	the god of your father who helps you .
0	my parents had many good things happen to them .
0	“ benjamin is like a hungry wolf .
0	these are the twelve families of israel . and this is what their father said to them . he gave each son a blessing that was right for him .
0	that cave is in the field that was bought from the hittites . ”
0	after jacob finished talking to his sons , he lay down , put his feet back on the bed , and died .
0	when israel died , joseph was very sad . he hugged his father and cried over him and kissed him .
0	after the time of sadness was finished , joseph spoke to pharaoh ’ s officers and said , “ please tell this to pharaoh :
0	pharaoh answered , “ keep your promise . go and bury your father . ”
0	so joseph went to bury his father . all of pharaoh ’ s officials , personal advisors , and all the older leaders of egypt went with joseph .
0	so there was a large crowd of people with him . there was even a group of soldiers riding in chariots and some on horses .
0	they went to goren atad , east of the jordan river . there they had a long funeral service for israel , which continued for seven days .
0	so jacob ’ s sons did what their father told them .
0	after joseph buried his father , he and everyone in the group with him went back to egypt .
0	so the brothers sent this message to joseph : “ before your father died , he told us to give you a message .
0	his brothers went to him and bowed down in front of him . they said , “ we will be your servants . ”
0	then joseph said to them , “ don ’ t be afraid . i am not god ! i have no right to punish you .
0	joseph continued to live in egypt with his father ’ s family . he died when he was 110 years old .
0	during joseph ’ s life ephraim had children and grandchildren . and his son manasseh had a son named makir . joseph lived to see makir ’ s children .
0	joseph died in egypt when he was 110 years old . doctors prepared his body for burial and put the body in a coffin in egypt .
0	this is the message that was given to habakkuk the prophet .
0	lord , i continue to ask for help . when will you listen to me ? i cried to you about the violence , but you did nothing !
0	people are stealing things and hurting others . they are arguing and fighting . why do you make me look at these terrible things ?
0	the babylonians will scare the other people . they will do what they want to do and go where they want to go .
0	then they will leave like the wind and go on to fight against other places . the only thing the babylonians worship is their own strength . ”
0	lord , you are the one who lives forever !
0	your eyes are too good to look at evil .
0	you made people like fish in the sea .
0	the enemy catches all of them with hooks and nets .
0	his net helps him live like the rich
0	will he continue to take riches with his net ?
0	i will stand like a guard and watch .
0	the lord answered me , “ write down what i show you . write it clearly on a sign so that the message will be easy to read .
0	this message can not help those who refuse to listen to it , but those who are good will live because they believe it .
0	you planned shameful things , and that will bring shame to your own family . you have done wrong , and it will cost you your life .
0	the stones of the walls will cry out against you . even the wooden rafters in your own house will prove that you are wrong .
0	“ look at them ! they kill people to build their city and do wicked things to make their walled city strong .
0	but the lord all-powerful has decided that a fire will destroy everything that those people worked to build . all their work will be for nothing .
0	then people everywhere will know about the glory of the lord . this news will spread just as water spreads out into the sea .
0	but the lord is in his holy temple , so the whole earth should be silent in his presence and show him respect .
0	the prayer of habakkuk the prophet .
0	lord , i have heard the news about you .
0	god is coming from teman .
0	rays of light shine from his hand , a bright , shining light .
0	the sickness went before him ,
0	he stood and judged the earth .
0	i saw that the cities of cushan were in trouble
0	lord , were you angry at the rivers ?
0	even then you showed your rainbow .
0	the mountains saw you and shook .
0	the sun and the moon lost their brightness .
0	in anger you walked on the earth
0	you came to save your people
0	you used moses ’ walking stick
0	but you marched your horses
0	my whole body shook when i heard the story .
0	figs might not grow on the fig trees ,
0	but i will still be glad in the lord
0	the lord god gives me my strength .
0	this is what the lord all-powerful said , “ the people say it is not yet the right time to build the lord ’ s temple . ”
0	again haggai received a message from the lord . haggai spoke this message :
0	now the lord all-powerful says , ‘ think about what is happening .
0	the lord all-powerful said , “ think about what you are doing .
0	that is why the sky holds back its dew and why the earth holds back its crops .
0	then haggai , the lord ’ s messenger , delivered this message to the people : “ the lord says , ‘ i am with you ! ’ ”
0	so they began this work on the 24th day of the sixth month in the second year darius was the king .
0	on the 21st day of the seventh month , this message from the lord came to haggai :
0	‘ all their silver really belongs to me ! and all the gold is mine ! ’ this is what the lord all-powerful said .
0	on the 24th day of the ninth month in the second year darius was king of persia , this message from the lord came to haggai the prophet :
0	“ the lord all-powerful commands you to ask the priests what the law says about these things :
0	then haggai said , “ whoever touches a dead body will become unclean . now if they touch anything else , will it also become unclean ? ”
0	“ ‘ think about what has happened to you . think about how things were before you began working on the lord ’ s temple .
0	another message from the lord came to haggai on the 24th day of the month . this is the message :
0	“ go to zerubbabel , the governor of judah and tell him that i will shake heaven and earth .
0	in the past god spoke to our people through the prophets . he spoke to them many times and in many different ways .
0	the son became much greater than the angels , and god gave him a name that is much greater than any of their names .
0	god never said this to any of the angels :
0	and then , when god presents his firstborn son to the world , he says ,
0	this is what god said about the angels :
0	but this is what he said about his son :
0	you love what is right and hate what is wrong .
0	these things will disappear , but you will stay .
0	you will fold them up like a coat ,
0	and god never said this to an angel :
0	all the angels are spirits who serve god and are sent to help those who will receive salvation .
0	so we must be more careful to follow what we were taught . we must be careful so that we will not be pulled away from the true way .
0	god did not choose angels to be the rulers over the new world that was coming . that future world is the world we have been talking about .
0	it is written some place in the scriptures ,
0	for a short time you made him lower than the angels .
0	you put everything under his control . ”
0	jesus became like these people and died so that he could free them . they were like slaves all their lives because of their fear of death .
0	clearly , it is not angels that jesus helps . he helps the people who are from abraham .
0	and now he can help those who are tempted . he is able to help because he himself suffered and was tempted .
0	every house is built by someone , but god built everything .
0	moses was faithful as a servant in god ’ s whole house . he told people what god would say in the future .
0	so it is just as the holy spirit says :
0	don ’ t be stubborn as you were in the past ,
0	for 40 years in the desert , your people saw what i did .
0	so i was angry with them .
0	so i was angry and made a promise :
0	so , brothers and sisters , be careful that none of you has the evil thoughts that cause so much doubt that you stop following the living god .
0	we have the honor of sharing in all that christ has if we continue until the end to have the sure faith we had in the beginning .
0	that ’ s why the spirit said ,
0	who were those who heard god ’ s voice and turned against him ? it was all the people moses led out of egypt .
0	and who was god angry with for 40 years ? he was angry with those who sinned . and their dead bodies were left in the desert .
0	so we see that they were not allowed to enter and have god ’ s rest , because they did not believe .
0	only we who believe it are able to enter god ’ s place of rest . as god said ,
0	but in the scripture above god said , “ they will never enter my place of rest . ”
0	this shows that the seventh-day rest for god ’ s people is still to come .
0	the high priest has his own weaknesses . so he is able to be gentle with those who do wrong out of ignorance .
0	he offers sacrifices for their sins , but he must also offer sacrifices for his own sins .
0	to be a high priest is an honor . but no one chooses himself for this work . that person must be chosen by god just as aaron was .
0	and in another part of the scriptures god says ,
0	jesus was the son of god , but he still suffered , and through his sufferings he learned to obey whatever god says .
0	this made him the perfect high priest , who provides the way for everyone who obeys him to be saved forever .
0	god made him high priest , just like melchizedek .
0	we have many things to tell you about this . but it is hard to explain because you have stopped trying to understand .
0	anyone who lives on milk is still a baby and is not able to understand much about living right .
0	but solid food is for people who have grown up . from their experience they have learned to see the difference between good and evil .
0	and that ’ s what we will do if god allows .
0	he said , “ i will surely bless you . i will give you many descendants . ”
0	abraham waited patiently for this to happen , and later he received what god promised .
0	these two things can not change : god can not lie when he says something , and he can not lie when he makes an oath .
0	this hope is like an anchor for us . it is strong and sure and keeps us safe . it goes behind the curtain .
0	jesus has already entered there and opened the way for us . he has become the high priest forever , just like melchizedek .
0	then abraham gave him a tenth of everything he had .
0	you can see that melchizedek was very great . abraham , our great ancestor , gave him a tenth of everything he won in battle .
0	and everyone knows that the more important person always blesses the less important person .
0	levi was not yet born , but he already existed in his ancestor abraham when melchizedek met him .
0	and when a different kind of priest comes , then the law must be changed too .
0	and these things become even clearer when we see that another priest has come who is like melchizedek .
0	this is what the scriptures say about him : “ you are a priest forever—the kind of priest melchizedek was . ”
0	the old rule is now ended because it was weak and worthless .
0	but christ became a priest with god ’ s oath . god said to him ,
0	so this means that jesus is the guarantee of a better agreement from god to his people .
0	also , when one of those other priests died , he could not continue being a priest . so there were many of those priests .
0	but jesus lives forever . he will never stop serving as a priest .
0	every high priest has the work of offering gifts and sacrifices to god . so our high priest must also offer something to god .
0	if there was nothing wrong with the first agreement , then there would be no need for a second agreement .
0	but god found something wrong with the people . he said ,
0	it will not be like the agreement
0	this is the new agreement i will give the people of israel .
0	never again will anyone have to teach their neighbors
0	and i will forgive the wrongs they have done ,
0	god called this a new agreement , so he has made the first agreement old . and anything that is old and useless is ready to disappear .
0	the first agreement had rules for worship and a place for worship here on earth .
0	behind the second curtain was a room called the most holy place .
0	everything in the tent was made ready in the way i have explained . then the priests went into the first room every day to do their worship duties .
0	the holy spirit uses those two separate rooms to teach us that the way into the most holy place was not open while the first room was still there .
0	when someone dies and leaves a will , there must be proof that the one who wrote the will is dead .
0	a will means nothing while the one who wrote it is still living . it can be used only after that person ’ s death .
0	that is why blood was needed to begin the first agreement between god and his people .
0	then he said , “ this is the blood that makes the agreement good—the agreement that god commanded you to follow . ”
0	in the same way , moses sprinkled the blood on the holy tent . he sprinkled the blood over everything used in worship .
0	the law says that almost everything must be made clean by blood . sins can not be forgiven without a blood sacrifice .
0	everyone must die once . then they are judged .
0	but that ’ s not what happens . their sacrifices make them remember their sins every year ,
0	because it is not possible for the blood of bulls and goats to take away sins .
0	so when christ came into the world he said ,
0	you are not pleased with the sacrifices of animals killed and burned
0	then i said , ‘ here i am , god .
0	every day the priests stand and do their religious service . again and again they offer the same sacrifices , which can never take away sins .
0	but christ offered only one sacrifice for sins , and that sacrifice is good for all time . then he sat down at the right side of god .
0	and now christ waits there for his enemies to be put under his power .
0	with one sacrifice christ made his people perfect forever . they are the ones who are being made holy .
0	the holy spirit also tells us about this . first he says ,
0	“ this is the agreement i will make
0	and after everything is forgiven , there is no more need for a sacrifice to pay for sins .
0	we enter through a new way that jesus opened for us . it is a living way that leads through the curtain—christ ’ s body .
0	and we have a great priest who rules the house of god .
0	we must hold on to the hope we have , never hesitating to tell people about it . we can trust god to do what he promised .
0	we should think about each other to see how we can encourage each other to show love and do good works .
0	if we decide to continue sinning after we have learned the truth , then there is no other sacrifice that will take away sins .
0	it is a terrible thing to face punishment from the living god .
0	remember the days when you first learned the truth . you had a hard struggle with much suffering , but you continued strong .
0	sometimes people said hateful things to you and mistreated you in public . and sometimes you helped others who were being treated that same way .
0	so don ’ t lose the courage that you had in the past . your courage will be rewarded richly .
0	you must be patient . after you have done what god wants , you will get what he promised you .
0	the person who is right with me
0	but we are not those who turn back and are lost . no , we are the people who have faith and are saved .
0	faith is what makes real the things we hope for . it is proof of what we can not see .
0	god was pleased with the people who lived a long time ago because they had faith like this .
0	without faith no one can please god . whoever comes to god must believe that he is real and that he rewards those who sincerely try to find him .
0	abraham was waiting for the city that has real foundations . he was waiting for the city that is planned and built by god .
0	when people accept something like that , they show they are waiting for a country that will be their own .
0	if they were thinking about the country they had left , they could have gone back .
0	isaac blessed the future of jacob and esau . he did that because he had faith .
0	some were laughed at and beaten . others were tied up and put in prison .
0	the world was not good enough for these great people . they had to wander in deserts and mountains , living in caves and holes in the ground .
0	god was pleased with all of them because of their faith . but not one of them received god ’ s great promise .
0	you are struggling against sin , but you have not had to give up your life for the cause .
0	you are children of god , and he speaks words of comfort to you . you have forgotten these words :
0	the lord disciplines everyone he loves ;
0	so , if you never receive the discipline that every child must have , you are not true children and don ’ t really belong to god .
0	you have become weak , so make yourselves strong again .
0	live in the right way so that you will be saved and your weakness will not cause you to be lost .
0	try to live in peace with everyone . and try to keep your lives free from sin . anyone whose life is not holy will never see the lord .
0	they did not want to hear the command : “ if anything , even an animal , touches the mountain , it must be killed with stones . ”
0	what they saw was so terrible that moses said , “ i am shaking with fear . ”
0	because our god is like a fire that can destroy us .
0	continue loving each other as brothers and sisters in christ .
0	always remember to help people by welcoming them into your home . some people have done that and have helped angels without knowing it .
0	keep your lives free from the love of money . and be satisfied with what you have . god has said ,
0	so we can feel sure and say ,
0	remember your leaders . they taught god ’ s message to you . remember how they lived and died , and copy their faith .
0	jesus christ is the same yesterday , today , and forever .
0	we have a sacrifice . and those priests who serve in the holy tent can not eat from the sacrifice we have .
0	so jesus also suffered outside the city . he died to make his people holy with his own blood .
0	so we should go to jesus outside the camp and accept the same shame that he had .
0	here on earth we don ’ t have a city that lasts forever . but we are waiting for the city that we will have in the future .
0	so through jesus we should never stop offering our sacrifice to god . that sacrifice is our praise , coming from lips that speak his name .
0	and don ’ t forget to do good and to share what you have with others , because sacrifices like these are very pleasing to god .
0	continue praying for us . we feel right about what we do , because we always try to do what is best .
0	and i beg you to pray that god will send me back to you soon . i want this more than anything else .
0	i want you to know that our brother timothy is out of prison . if he comes to me soon , we will both come to see you .
0	give my greetings to all your leaders and to all god ’ s people . all those from italy send you their greetings .
0	god ’ s grace be with you all .
0	so hosea married gomer daughter of diblaim . she became pregnant and gave birth to a son for hosea .
0	and at that time i will break israel ’ s bow at jezreel valley . ”
0	after gomer had finished nursing lo-ruhamah , she became pregnant again and gave birth to a son .
0	then the lord said , “ name him lo-ammi , because you are not my people , and i am not your god . ”
0	i will have no pity on her children because they are the children of prostitution .
0	“ so i , the lord , will speak romantic words to her . i will lead her into the desert and speak tender words .
0	this is what the lord says .
0	i will take the names of those false gods out of her mouth . then people will not use those names again .
0	and i will make you my bride forever . i will make you my bride with goodness and justice and with love and mercy .
0	i will make you my faithful bride . then you will really know the lord .
0	and at that time i will answer. ” this is what the lord says .
0	the earth will produce grain , wine , and oil ,
0	i will sow her many seeds on her land .
0	so i bought gomer back for 6 ounces of silver and 9 bushels of barley .
0	they are always cursing , lying , killing , stealing , and committing adultery . they murder one person after another .
0	no one should argue or blame another person . priests , my argument is with you !
0	you priests will fall in the daytime . and at night the prophet will also fall with you . i will also destroy your mother .
0	they became proud . they sinned more and more against me , so i will change their honor to shame .
0	“ the priests fed on the people ’ s sins . they wanted more and more of their sin offerings .
0	“ sexual sins , strong drink , and new wine ruin a person ’ s ability to think straight .
0	“ ephraim has joined his idols , so leave him alone .
0	ephraim has joined their drunkenness . let them continue to be prostitutes . let them be with their lovers .
0	they went to those gods for safety , and they have lost their ability to think . their altars will bring them shame .
0	“ priests , nation of israel , and people in the king ’ s family , listen to me . you have been judged guilty !
0	you have done many evil things , so i will punish you all .
0	i know ephraim . i know what israel has done . ephraim , right now you act like a prostitute . israel is dirty with sin .
0	israel ’ s pride is a witness against them , so israel and ephraim will stumble in their sin . but judah will also stumble with them .
0	they have not been faithful to the lord . their children are from some stranger . and now , he will destroy them and their land again .
0	“ blow the horn in gibeah .
0	the leaders of judah are like thieves trying to steal someone ’ s property ,
0	ephraim will be punished .
0	i will destroy ephraim as a moth eats a piece of cloth .
0	ephraim saw his sickness , and judah saw his wound ,
0	i will be like a lion to ephraim ,
0	i will go back to my place ,
0	“ come , let ’ s go back to the lord .
0	after two days he will bring us back to life .
0	let ’ s learn about the lord .
0	“ ephraim , what should i do with you ?
0	this is because i want faithful love ,
0	but the people broke the agreement as adam did .
0	gilead is a city of people who do evil—
0	the priests are like gangs of robbers
0	i have seen a terrible thing in the nation of israel .
0	judah , there is also a time of harvest for you .
0	“ i will heal israel !
0	they don ’ t believe that i will remember their crimes .
0	their evil makes their king happy .
0	a baker presses dough to make bread .
0	on our king ’ s day , the leaders get so drunk that they get sick .
0	the people make their secret plans .
0	they are all like hot ovens .
0	“ ephraim mixes with the nations .
0	strangers destroy ephraim ’ s strength ,
0	ephraim ’ s pride speaks against him .
0	so ephraim has become like a silly dove without understanding .
0	they go to those countries for help ,
0	it will be very bad for those who left me .
0	they never call to me from their hearts .
0	i trained them and made their arms strong ,
0	like a boomerang , they changed directions ,
0	they yell out at me , ‘ my god , we in israel know you ! ’
0	but israel refused the good things , so the enemy chases him .
0	“ israel was destroyed ;
0	ephraim went to his ‘ lovers . ’
0	yes , israel was taken to the nations ,
0	“ ephraim built more and more altars ,
0	even if i wrote 10,000 laws for ephraim ,
0	the israelites love sacrifices .
0	israel has built palaces for their kings ,
0	but the grain from those threshing floors will not provide enough food for israel . there will not be enough wine for israel .
0	the israelites will not stay in the lord ’ s land . ephraim will return to egypt . in assyria they will eat food that they should not eat .
0	they will not be able to celebrate the lord ’ s feasts or festivals .
0	the israelites have gone deep into ruin as in the time of gibeah . god will remember the israelites ’ sins , and he will punish them .
0	“ like a bird , ephraim ’ s glory will fly away . there will be no more pregnancies , no more births , and no more babies .
0	i can see that ephraim is leading his children into a trap . ephraim will lead his children out to the killer .
0	lord , give them what you will . give them a womb that loses babies and breasts that can not give milk .
0	all their evil is in gilgal ;
0	ephraim will be punished .
0	those people will not listen to my god ,
0	israel is like a vine
0	the people of israel tried to trick god ,
0	now the israelites say , “ we have no king . we don ’ t honor the lord . and his king can not do anything to us . ”
0	samaria ’ s false god will be destroyed . it will be like a piece of wood floating away on the water ’ s surface .
0	i will come to punish them . armies will come together against them and punish the israelites for both of their sins .
0	but you planted evil , and you harvested trouble . you ate the fruit of your lies , because you had trusted in your power and your soldiers .
0	the lord said , “ i loved israel when he was a child ,
0	but the more i called the israelites ,
0	“ but i was the one who taught ephraim to walk .
0	i led them with ropes ,
0	“ the israelites will not go back to egypt . the king of assyria will become their king , because they refused to turn back to god .
0	the sword will swing against their cities and kill their strong men . it will destroy their leaders .
0	“ my people expect me to come back . they will call to god above , but he will not help them . ”
0	“ ephraim , i don ’ t want to give you up .
0	i will not let my terrible anger win .
0	i , the lord , will roar like a lion ,
0	they will come from egypt ,
0	“ ephraim surrounded me with false gods .
0	the lord says , “ i have a complaint against israel . jacob must be punished for the bad things he did .
0	jacob wrestled with god ’ s angel and won . he cried and asked for a favor . that happened at bethel . there he spoke to us .
0	yes , yahweh is the god of the armies . his name is yahweh .
0	so come back to your god . be loyal to him . do the right thing , and always trust in your god !
0	“ jacob is a tricky merchant . he even cheats his friend ! even his scales lie .
0	i spoke to the prophets and gave them many visions . i gave the prophets many ways to teach my lessons to you .
0	“ jacob ran away to the land of aram . there israel worked for a wife . he kept sheep to get another wife .
0	but the lord used a prophet and brought israel out of egypt . he used a prophet and kept israel safe .
0	i knew you in the desert—i knew you in that dry land .
0	i gave food to the israelites , and they ate it . they became full and satisfied . they became proud , and then they forgot me .
0	“ that is why i will be like a lion to them . i will be like a leopard waiting by the road .
0	“ israel , i helped you , but you turned against me . so now i will destroy you .
0	i was angry , and i gave you a king . and when i became very angry , i took him away .
0	“ ephraim tried to hide his guilt .
0	his punishment will be like the pain of a woman giving birth .
0	“ i will save them from the grave .
0	israel grows among his brothers ,
0	israel , you fell and sinned against god . so come back to the lord your god .
0	think about what you will say , and come back to the lord . say to him ,
0	assyria will not save us .
0	i will be like the dew to israel .
0	his branches will grow ,
0	the people of israel will again live under my protection .
0	“ ephraim , i will have nothing more to do with idols .
0	a wise person understands these things ,
0	heaven and earth , listen ! this is what the lord says :
0	a bull knows its master ,
0	what good will it do to keep punishing you ? you will continue to rebel . your whole head and heart are already sick and aching .
0	you officers of sodom , listen to the lord ’ s message . you people of gomorrah , listen to god ’ s teaching .
0	when you people come to meet with me , you trample everything in my yard . who told you to do this ?
0	i hate your monthly meetings and councils . they have become like heavy weights to me , and i am tired of carrying them .
0	“ wash yourselves and make yourselves clean . stop doing the evil things i see you do . stop doing wrong .
0	“ if you listen to what i say , you will get the good things from this land .
0	but if you refuse to listen and rebel against me , your enemies will destroy you . ”
0	people use lye to clean silver . in the same way , i will clean away all your wrongs . i will remove all the impurities from you .
0	god is good and does what is right , so he will rescue zion and the people who come back to him .
0	but all the criminals and sinners will be destroyed . those who stopped following the lord will be removed .
0	in the future , you will be ashamed of the oak trees and special gardens you chose to worship ,
0	because you will be like an oak tree whose leaves are dying . you will be like a garden dying without water .
0	isaiah son of amoz received this message about judah and jerusalem .
0	in the last days the mountain of the lord ’ s temple
0	people from many places will go there and say ,
0	then god will act as judge to end arguments between nations .
0	family of jacob , let us follow the lord .
0	his land is full of gods that the people bow down to worship . they made those idols themselves .
0	the people have become worse and worse . they have become very low , and you leaders did nothing to lift them up !
0	you should be afraid of the lord ! go hide in the dirt and behind the rocks . hide from his glorious power !
0	proud people will stop being proud . they will bow down to the ground with shame , and only the lord will still stand high .
0	the lord all-powerful has a special day planned when he will punish the proud and boastful people . they will be brought down .
0	they might be like the tall cedar trees from lebanon or the great oak trees from bashan , but they will be cut down .
0	they might be like the tall mountains and high hills
0	or like the tall towers and high walls , but they will be brought down .
0	they might be like great ships from tarshish , filled with such wonderful cargo , but they will be brought down .
0	at that time those proud people will fall . they will bow low to the ground , and only the lord will stand high .
0	all the idols will be gone .
0	they will go down into cracks in the rocks and boulders because they are afraid of the lord and his glorious power as he stands to shake the earth .
0	stop trusting other people to save you . do not think too highly of them ; they are only humans who have not stopped breathing yet .
0	he will take away all the heroes and soldiers . he will take away all the judges , the prophets , the fortunetellers , and the elders .
0	he says , “ i will put young boys in charge of you . they will be your leaders .
0	the people will turn against each other . young people will not respect those who are older . the common people will not respect important leaders . ”
0	tell the good people who do what is right that good things will happen to them . they will receive a reward for what they do .
0	but it will be very bad for wicked people , because they , too , will get what they deserve . they will get what they did to others .
0	even children will defeat my people , and women will rule over them .
0	look , the lord is standing to judge his people .
0	the lord is ready to present his case against the elders and leaders of his people .
0	the lord will put sores on the heads of those women in zion . the lord will make their heads bald .
0	then the lord will take away everything they are proud of : the beautiful ankle bracelets , the necklaces that look like the sun and the moon ,
0	the earrings , bracelets , and veils ,
0	the scarves , the ankle chains , the cloth belts worn around their waists , the bottles of perfume , the charms ,
0	the signet rings , and the nose rings ,
0	the fine dresses , robes , veils , and purses ,
0	the mirrors , linen dresses , turbans , and long shawls .
0	your men will be killed with swords . your heroes will die in war .
0	it will be a shelter to protect the people from the heat of the sun and from all kinds of storms and rain .
0	now i will sing a song for my friend , my love song about his vineyard .
0	he dug and cleared the field
0	my friend said , “ you people living in jerusalem and you people of judah ,
0	what more could i do for my vineyard ?
0	“ now i will tell you
0	i will turn my vineyard into useless land .
0	the vineyard that belongs to the lord all-powerful is the house of israel . the grapevine , the plant he loves , is the man of judah .
0	i heard the lord all-powerful make this oath : “ i swear , all these houses will be destroyed . these big , fancy houses will be empty .
0	a ten-acre vineyard will make only a little wine , and many sacks of seed will grow only a little grain . ”
0	everyone , common people and leaders alike , will be humbled . those who are now so proud will bow their heads in shame .
0	the lord all-powerful will judge fairly , and people will honor him . they will respect the holy god when he brings justice .
0	then sheep will be able to go wherever they want and graze on the land that rich people once owned .
0	look at those people ! they pull their guilt and sins behind them like people pulling wagons with ropes .
0	they think they are so smart . they think they are very intelligent .
0	they are famous for drinking wine and are heroes known for mixing drinks .
0	and if you pay them enough money , they will forgive a criminal . but they will not let good people be judged fairly .
0	look ! god is giving a sign to the nations far away . he is raising a flag and whistling for them to come .
0	the enemy soldiers never get tired and stumble . they never get sleepy and fall asleep . their weapon belts are always ready . their sandal straps never break .
0	in the year that king uzziah died , i saw the lord sitting on a very high and wonderful throne . his long robe filled the temple .
0	the angels were calling to each other , “ holy , holy , holy is the lord all-powerful . his glory fills the whole earth . ”
0	the sound was so loud that it caused the frame around the door to shake , and the temple was filled with smoke .
0	then i heard the lord ’ s voice , saying , “ who can i send ? who will go for us ? ”
0	then i asked , “ lord , how long should i do this ? ”
0	the lord will make the people go far away , and there will be large areas of empty land in the country .
0	and made plans against you . they said ,
0	but the lord god says , “ their plan will not succeed . it will not happen
0	then the lord spoke to ahaz again
0	but ahaz said , “ i will not ask for a sign as proof . i will not test the lord . ”
0	but the lord will still show you this sign :
0	he will eat milk curds and honey
0	but before he is old enough to make that choice ,
0	they will settle in the deep valleys and in the caves , by the thornbushes and watering holes .
0	“ at that time someone might keep only one young cow and two sheep alive .
0	but there will be enough milk for them to eat milk curds . in fact , everyone left in the country will eat milk curds and honey .
0	there are now fields that have 1000 grapevines , and each grapevine is worth 1000 pieces of silver . but those fields will be covered with weeds and thorns .
0	that land will be wild and used only as a hunting ground where people go with bows and arrows .
0	i found some men who could be trusted to serve as witnesses : uriah the priest and zechariah son of jeberekiah . they watched me write those words .
0	the lord spoke to me again .
0	he said , “ these people refuse to accept the slow-moving waters of shiloah . they prefer rezin and remaliah ’ s son . ”
0	this water will be like a flash flood as it passes through judah . it will rise to judah ’ s throat and almost drown him .
0	all you nations , prepare for war .
0	make your plans for the fight .
0	the lord spoke to me with his great power and warned me not to be like these people . he said ,
0	the lord all-powerful is the one you should fear . he is the one you should respect . he is the one who should frighten you .
0	( many people will trip over this rock . they will fall and be broken . they will be caught in the trap . )
0	the lord has turned away from the family of jacob .
0	you should follow the teachings and the agreement . i swear , if you follow those other things , there is no future for you .
0	and when the captives turn their faces to the ground , there is only a depressing darkness closing in—the dark sadness of people forced to leave their country .
0	every boot that marched in battle and every uniform stained with blood will be destroyed and thrown into the fire .
0	the lord gave a command against jacob and someone in israel fell .
0	so all the people in ephraim , including the ruler in samaria , learned their lesson .
0	the lord found people to go up and fight against rezin . he stirred up rezin ’ s enemies .
0	the people did not stop sinning . they did not come to the lord all-powerful for help .
0	so the lord cut off israel ’ s head and tail . he took away the branch and the stalk in one day .
0	( the head means the elders and important leaders . the tail means the prophets who told lies . )
0	their guides are leading them the wrong way , so those who follow them will be destroyed .
0	the lord all-powerful was angry , so the land was burned . the people were fuel for the fire . no one showed any compassion to anyone else .
0	manasseh fought against ephraim , and ephraim fought against manasseh . then both of them turned on judah .
0	just look at those lawmakers who write evil laws and make life hard for the people .
0	they are not fair to the poor . they take away the rights of the poor and allow people to steal from widows and orphans .
0	the lord says , “ i will use assyria like a stick . in my anger i will use assyria to punish israel .
0	assyria says to himself , ‘ all of my officers are like kings !
0	the city of calno is no better than the city of carchemish . arpad is like hamath , and samaria is like damascus .
0	i defeated those evil kingdoms and now i control them . the idols those people worship are better than the idols of jerusalem and samaria .
0	i defeated samaria and her gods . i will also defeat jerusalem and the idols her people have made . ’ ”
0	and then spreads to burn up the tall trees and vineyards . finally , everything will be destroyed—even the people . assyria will be like a rotting log .
0	there will be a few trees left standing in the forest—so few that even a child could count them .
0	those who are left in jacob ’ s family will again follow the powerful god .
0	the lord god all-powerful really will destroy this land .
0	but after a short time my anger will stop . i will be satisfied that assyria has punished you enough . ”
0	cry out , bath gallim ! laishah , listen ! anathoth , answer me !
0	the people of madmenah are running away . the people of gebim are hiding .
0	this day the army will stop at nob and prepare to fight against mount zion , the hill of jerusalem .
0	god will cut down his enemies . like the tall trees of lebanon he will cut them down with an ax .
0	a small tree will begin to grow from the stump of jesse . that branch will grow from jesse ’ s roots .
0	he will find joy in obeying the lord .
0	then ephraim will not be jealous of judah , and judah will have no enemies left . and judah will not cause trouble for ephraim .
0	at that time you will say ,
0	god is the one who saves me .
0	you people will get your water from the spring of salvation .
0	at that time you will say ,
0	sing songs of praise about the lord ,
0	people of zion , shout about these things !
0	god showed isaiah son of amoz this message about babylon :
0	“ raise a flag on that mountain where nothing grows .
0	“ i have separated these men from the people ,
0	“ listen to that loud noise in the mountains .
0	they are coming from a faraway land .
0	people will lose their courage . fear will make them weak .
0	everyone will be afraid . they will stare at each other with shock on their faces . fear will grip them like the pains of a woman in childbirth .
0	the skies will be dark . the sun , the moon , and the stars will not shine .
0	there will be only a few people left . they will be as rare as pure gold .
0	in my anger i will shake the sky , and the earth will be moved from its place . ”
0	anyone caught by the enemy will be killed with a sword .
0	everything in their houses will be stolen . their wives will be raped , and their little children will be beaten to death while they watch .
0	babylon will be destroyed like the time god destroyed sodom and gomorrah .
0	in the past , you were slaves . people forced you to work hard . but the lord will take away the hard work you were forced to do .
0	at that time you will begin to sing this song about the king of babylon :
0	the lord breaks the scepter of evil rulers ;
0	in anger , the king of babylon beat the people .
0	but now , the whole country rests and is quiet .
0	you were an evil king ,
0	the place of death is excited
0	they will make fun of you , saying ,
0	your pride has been sent down to sheol .
0	you were like the morning star ,
0	you always told yourself ,
0	i will go up to the altar above the tops of the clouds .
0	but that did not happen .
0	people will come to look at your dead body .
0	the kings of other nations lie buried with honor ,
0	but you were thrown out of your grave
0	other kings have their own graves ,
0	prepare to kill his children ,
0	the lord all-powerful made this promise : “ this will happen exactly as i meant for it to happen . it will happen just the way i planned .
0	this is what i plan to do for this land . i will use my power to punish all those nations . ”
0	when the lord all-powerful makes a plan , no one can change it . when he raises his arm to punish , no one can stop him .
0	this message was given to me the year king ahaz died :
0	people near the city gates , cry !
0	but what will the messengers from that nation report about us ?
0	this is a message about moab :
0	the king ’ s family and the people of dibon go to the places of worship to cry .
0	everywhere in moab , on the housetops and in the streets ,
0	in heshbon and elealeh they are crying loudly .
0	my heart cries , full of sorrow for moab .
0	but nimrim brook is as dry as a desert .
0	so the people gather up everything they own
0	you can hear crying everywhere in moab—
0	the water of dimon is full of blood ,
0	the women of moab try to cross the river arnon .
0	they say , “ help us !
0	people from moab were forced to leave their homes .
0	then a new king will come .
0	we have heard that the people of moab
0	because of their pride , everyone in moab will mourn .
0	the fields of heshbon and the vines of sibmah no longer grow grapes .
0	i will cry with the people of jazer and sibmah ,
0	there will be no joy and happiness in the orchard .
0	so i will hum a sad song for moab and kir heres ,
0	the people of moab will go
0	the lord said these things about moab many times .
0	this is a message about damascus :
0	people will leave the cities of aroer .
0	the fort cities of ephraim will be destroyed .
0	“ at that time jacob ’ s wealth will all be gone .
0	then the people will look up to the one who made them . their eyes will see the holy one of israel .
0	they will not trust the great things they have made . they will not go to the special gardens and altars they made for false gods .
0	this will happen because you have forgotten the god who saves you . you have not remembered that god is your place of safety .
0	listen to all these people !
0	and like the waves ,
0	that night , the people will be frightened .
0	look at the land along the rivers of ethiopia where you can hear the buzzing of insect wings .
0	that land sends people down the nile river in reed boats .
0	like a flag on a hill ,
0	the lord god all-powerful says , “ i will give egypt to a hard master . a powerful king will rule over the people . ”
0	the water in the nile river will dry up and disappear .
0	all the rivers will smell very bad . the canals in egypt will be dry , and the water will be gone . all the water plants will rot .
0	those who make cloth from flax , who weave it into linen , will all be sad .
0	those who weave cloth will be broken , and those who work for money will be depressed .
0	the leaders of zoan have been fooled . the leaders of noph have believed lies , so they lead egypt the wrong way .
0	then israel , assyria , and egypt will join together and control the land . this will be a blessing for the land .
0	sargon was the king of assyria . he sent his military commander to fight against ashdod . the commander went there and captured the city .
0	then the lord said , “ my servant isaiah has gone without clothes or sandals for three years . this is a sign for egypt and ethiopia .
0	those who looked to ethiopia for help will be shattered . those who were amazed by egypt ’ s glory will be ashamed . ”
0	this is a message about the “ desert by the sea ” :
0	i was given a vision of the hard times to come .
0	i saw those terrible things , and now i am afraid .
0	i am worried and shaking with fear .
0	people are rushing around shouting their orders :
0	the lord said to me , “ go find someone to guard this city . he must report whatever he sees .
0	whether he sees a chariot and a team of horses or men riding donkeys or camels , he must listen carefully . ”
0	then one day the watchman called out ,
0	look ! i see a man in a chariot
0	this is a message about dumah :
0	this is a message about arabia :
0	they gave water to some thirsty travelers .
0	they were running from swords
0	only a few of the archers , the great soldiers of kedar , will be left alive. ” the lord , the god of israel , told me this .
0	this is a message about the valley of vision :
0	this city was so happy ,
0	all your officers ran away together ,
0	so i say , “ don ’ t look at me !
0	horse soldiers from elam took their bags of arrows and rode into battle . soldiers from kir rattled their shields .
0	your favorite valley was filled with chariots . horse soldiers were stationed in front of the city gates .
0	then the cover protecting judah was removed , and the people turned to the weapons they kept at the forest palace .
0	so the lord god all-powerful told the people to cry and mourn for their dead friends . he told them to shave their heads and wear mourning clothes .
0	but look , everyone was happy . the people rejoiced , saying ,
0	the lord god all-powerful told me to go to shebna , the palace manager ,
0	i will force you out of your position here . your new leader will take you away from your important job .
0	at that time i will call for my servant eliakim son of hilkiah .
0	he will be like a favorite chair in his father ’ s house . i will make him like a strong peg in a solid board .
0	this is a message about tyre :
0	you people living near the sea , mourn in silence .
0	they traveled the seas looking for grain .
0	sidon , you should be very sad ,
0	when egypt hears the news about tyre ,
0	you ships , try to escape to tarshish !
0	can this be that happy city that was founded so long ago ?
0	this city produced so many leaders .
0	it was the lord all-powerful .
0	ships from tarshish , go back home .
0	the lord raised his arm over the sea
0	he said , “ daughter sidon , you have been hurt badly ,
0	as for babylon , look at the land of the chaldeans !
0	so be sad , you ships from tarshish .
0	“ oh , woman who men forgot ,
0	look , the lord is destroying this land . he will clean out the land completely and force all the people to go far away .
0	everyone will be forced out of the land . all the wealth will be taken . this will happen because the lord commanded it .
0	the country will be empty and sad . the world will be empty and weak . the great leaders of the people in this land will become weak .
0	the grapevines are dying . the new wine is bad . people who were happy are now sad .
0	they have stopped showing their joy . the happy music from the drums and harps has ended .
0	they no longer sing as they drink their wine . the beer now tastes bitter to those who drink it .
0	“ total confusion ” is a good name for this city . the city has been destroyed . people can not enter the houses . the doors are blocked .
0	people still ask for wine in the marketplaces , but all the joy is gone . it was carried off with everything else .
0	all that is left is destruction . even the gates are crushed .
0	at harvest time , people knock olives from the trees .
0	those who are left will begin shouting louder than the ocean .
0	they will say , “ people in the east , praise the lord !
0	we hear songs of praise for god from every place on earth .
0	i see troubles for you people living in this land .
0	people will hear about the danger ,
0	there will be earthquakes ,
0	the sins of the world are very heavy ,
0	at that time the lord will judge
0	many people will be gathered together .
0	the lord will rule as king on mount zion in jerusalem .
0	lord , you are my god .
0	and you destroyed the city that was protected by strong walls .
0	that is why powerful nations will honor you .
0	you have been a safe place for poor people in trouble .
0	like the heat of summer in a dry land ,
0	but now there is a veil covering all nations and people . this veil is called “ death . ”
0	at that time people will say ,
0	the lord ’ s power is on this mountain ,
0	they will reach out their arms to escape
0	he will destroy their high walls and safe places .
0	at that time people will sing this song in judah :
0	open the gates for the good people to enter .
0	god , you give true peace
0	so trust the lord always ,
0	but he will destroy the proud city
0	then poor and humble people will walk on those ruins .
0	honesty is the path good people follow .
0	but , lord , we are waiting for your way of justice .
0	at night my soul longs to be with you ,
0	evil people will not learn to do good ,
0	lord , your arm is raised to punish them ,
0	lord , you have succeeded in doing everything we tried to do ,
0	lord , you are our god ,
0	those dead lords will not come to life .
0	lord , you have helped the nation you love .
0	lord , people remember you
0	lord , because of you we were in pain ,
0	but we struggled in pain for nothing .
0	but the lord says ,
0	my people , go into your rooms
0	look ! the lord is coming out from his place
0	at that time the lord will judge leviathan ,
0	at that time people will sing
0	“ i , the lord , will care for the vineyard .
0	i am not angry .
0	but if anyone comes to me for safety
0	in the future , jacob will take root firmly on his soil .
0	the vines will become dry , and the branches will break off . women will use them for firewood .
0	look , the lord has someone who is strong and brave .
0	the drunks of ephraim are proud of their beautiful crown ,
0	that city sits on a hill with a rich valley around it .
0	at that time the lord all-powerful will become the “ beautiful crown. ” he will be the “ wonderful crown of flowers ” for his people who are left .
0	then he will give wisdom to the judges who rule his people . he will give strength to the people who are in battles at the city gates .
0	every table is covered with vomit . there is not a clean place anywhere .
0	he speaks to us as though we were babies :
0	so god will use this strange way of talking , and he will use other languages to speak to these people .
0	so the lord ’ s words will be senseless sounds to them :
0	you leaders in jerusalem should listen to the lord ’ s message , but now you refuse to listen to him .
0	your agreement with death will be erased . your contract with sheol will not help you .
0	now don ’ t complain about these things . if you fight against them , you will only tighten the ropes around you .
0	listen closely to the message i am telling you .
0	does a farmer plow his field all the time ? no , he doesn ’ t work the soil all the time .
0	our god is using this to teach you a lesson . this example shows us that god is fair when he punishes his people .
0	this lesson comes from the lord all-powerful , who gives wonderful advice . he is very wise .
0	god says , “ look at ariel , the city where david camped . keep on having your festivals , year after year .
0	but i will punish ariel . the city will be filled with sadness and crying , but it will always be my ariel .
0	“ i will put armies all around you , ariel . i will raise war towers against you .
0	there will be so many foreigners that they will be like dust . cruel people will be like the chaff blowing in the wind . then suddenly ,
0	the lord all-powerful will punish you with earthquakes , thunder , and loud noises . there will be storms , strong winds , and a burning , destructive fire .
0	many nations will fight against ariel . it will be a nightmare . armies will surround ariel and punish her .
0	be surprised and amazed !
0	the lord will make you sleepy .
0	this is the truth : after a very short time , lebanon will become rich farmland , and the farmland will be like thick forests .
0	the deaf will hear the words in the book . the blind will see through the darkness and fog .
0	the lord will make poor people happy . the poorest people will rejoice in the holy one of israel .
0	this will happen when the people who are mean and cruel have come to an end . it will happen when those who enjoy doing bad things are gone .
0	( they lie about good people . they try to trap people in court . they try to destroy innocent people . )
0	yes , when they see all their children ,
0	many of these people did not understand , so they did what was wrong . they complained , but now they will learn their lesson . ”
0	“ but i tell you , hiding in egypt will not help you . pharaoh will not be able to protect you .
0	your leaders have gone to zoan , and your representatives have gone to hanes .
0	this is a message about the negev animals :
0	that useless nation is egypt . egypt ’ s help is worth nothing , so i call egypt the “ do-nothing dragon . ”
0	these people are like children who refuse to obey . they lie and refuse to listen to the lord ’ s teachings .
0	stop seeing things that will really happen . get out of our way . stop telling us about the holy one of israel . ”
0	the holy one of israel says , “ you people have refused to accept this message from me . you depend on fighting and lies to help you .
0	you are guilty of these things . so you are like a tall wall with cracks in it . that wall will fall and break into small pieces .
0	every mountain and hill will have streams filled with water . these things will happen after many people are killed and the enemy ’ s towers are pulled down .
0	assyria will be frightened by the lord ’ s voice and the stick that will beat him .
0	and as the lord beats assyria , his people will keep the rhythm with their drums and harps .
0	people of israel , you should come back to the god you turned away from .
0	that is because when those things happen , people will reject the gold and silver idols you made when you sinned against me .
0	their place of safety will be destroyed . their leaders will be defeated , and they will abandon their flag .
0	listen to what i say ! a king should rule in a way that brings justice . leaders should make fair decisions when they lead the people .
0	then people would actually see what they look at . they would actually listen to what they hear .
0	people who are now confused would be able to understand . those who can not speak clearly now would be able to speak clearly and quickly .
0	fools would not be called great men . people would not respect men who make secret plans .
0	they use evil like a tool and plan ways to steal from the poor . they tell lies about the poor and keep them from being judged fairly .
0	but a good leader plans good things to do , and that will make him a leader over other leaders .
0	some of you women are calm now ; you feel safe . but you should stand and listen to the words i say .
0	beat your breasts in sorrow . cry because your fields are empty . your vineyards once gave grapes , but now they are empty .
0	this will continue until god gives us his spirit from above . then the desert will become rich farmland and the farmland will be like thick forests .
0	that is , what is now a desert will be filled with right decisions , and what is now a farmland will be filled with justice .
0	that justice will bring peace and safety forever .
0	my people will be safe in their homes and in their calm , peaceful fields .
0	but before this happens , the forest must fall and the city must be torn down .
0	some of you live away from the cities . you plant seeds by every stream and let your cattle and donkeys roam free . you will be very blessed .
0	lord , be kind to us .
0	your powerful voice makes people run away in fear .
0	the lord is very great . he lives in a very high place . he fills zion with justice and goodness .
0	jerusalem , you are rich with wisdom and knowledge of god . you are rich with salvation . you respect the lord , and that makes you rich .
0	but listen ! the messengers are crying outside . the messengers who bring peace are crying very hard .
0	the lord says , “ now , i will stand and show people how great and powerful i am .
0	people will be burned until their bones become lime . they will burn quickly like thorns and dry bushes .
0	“ you people in faraway lands , listen to what i have done . you people who are near me , learn about my power . ”
0	they will live safely in high places . they will be protected in high rock fortresses . they will always have food and water .
0	your eyes will see the king in his beauty . you will see the great land .
0	no one living there will say , “ i am sick , ” because everyone living there has had their guilt removed .
0	the lord is angry with all the nations and their armies . he will destroy them all and put them to death .
0	their bodies will be thrown outside . the stink will rise from the bodies , and the blood will flow down the mountains .
0	the lord says , “ this will happen when my sword in the sky is covered with blood . ”
0	this will happen because the lord has chosen a time for punishment . he has chosen a year when people must pay for the wrong they did to zion .
0	edom ’ s rivers will be like hot tar . edom ’ s ground will be like burning sulfur .
0	the free men and leaders will all be gone , and there will be nothing left for them to rule .
0	wild cats will live there with hyenas . wild goats will call to their friends . night animals will spend some time there and find a place to rest .
0	the dry desert will rejoice . the desert will be glad and blossom .
0	make the weak arms strong again . strengthen the weak knees .
0	then the eyes of the blind will be opened so that they can see , and the ears of the deaf will be opened so that they can hear .
0	during hezekiah ’ s 14th year as king , sennacherib king of assyria went to fight against all the strong cities of judah . sennacherib defeated those cities .
0	the commander told them , “ tell hezekiah this is what the great king , the king of assyria says :
0	then the commander , shouting loudly in hebrew , gave this warning to them all :
0	this is what the king says : don ’ t let hezekiah fool you ! he can not save you from my power .
0	none of the gods of these other places were able to save their land from me ! so why do you think the lord can save jerusalem from me ?
0	when king hezekiah ’ s officers came to isaiah ,
0	the commander heard that the king of assyria had left lachish . he found him at libnah , fighting against that city .
0	then the king of assyria got a report that said , “ king tirhakah of ethiopia is coming to fight you . ”
0	he told them , “ tell king hezekiah of judah these things :
0	you have heard what the kings of assyria did to all the other countries . we destroyed them completely . will you be saved ? no !
0	where is the king of hamath ? the king of arpad ? the king of the city of sepharvaim ? the kings of hena and ivvah ? ’ ”
0	he prayed to the lord :
0	it is true , lord . the kings of assyria did destroy all those nations .
0	“ so this is the lord ’ s message against sennacherib :
0	but who was it that you insulted and made fun of ?
0	you sent your officers to insult the lord .
0	i dug wells and drank water from new places .
0	‘ how could you say this , sennacherib ?
0	the people living there had no power .
0	i know all about your battles ;
0	yes , you were upset at me .
0	so the lord says this about the king of assyria :
0	he will go back the way he came .
0	i will protect this city and save it .
0	so king sennacherib of assyria went back to nineveh and stayed there .
0	hezekiah turned toward the wall that faced the temple and began praying to the lord .
0	“ lord , remember that i have faithfully served you with all my heart . i have done what you say is good. ” then hezekiah cried very hard .
0	then isaiah received this message from the lord :
0	i will save you and this city from the king of assyria . i will protect this city . ’ ”
0	then isaiah told hezekiah , “ crush figs together and put them on your sore . then you will get well . ”
0	hezekiah asked isaiah , “ what is the sign that proves i will get well and go to the lord ’ s temple ? ”
0	this is the sign from the lord to show you that he will do what he says :
0	this is the letter from hezekiah when he became well :
0	i thought i would live a full life .
0	so i said , “ i will not see the lord yah in the land of the living again .
0	my home , my shepherd ’ s tent , is being pulled down and taken from me .
0	all night i cried as loud as a lion ,
0	i cried like a bird
0	what can i say ?
0	lord , use this hard time to make my spirit live again .
0	look , my troubles are gone !
0	the dead can not praise you .
0	people who are alive , people like me ,
0	so i say , “ the lord saved me .
0	then isaiah the prophet went to king hezekiah and asked him , “ what did these men say ? where did they come from ? ”
0	so isaiah asked him , “ what did they see in your house ? ”
0	then isaiah said to hezekiah , “ listen to this message from the lord all-powerful :
0	the babylonians will take your own sons , and your sons will become officers in the palace of the king of babylon . ”
0	speak kindly to jerusalem and tell her ,
0	listen , there is someone shouting :
0	every valley must be filled .
0	then the glory of the lord will be shown to everyone .
0	a voice said , “ speak ! ”
0	when a wind from the lord blows on them ,
0	grass dies and flowers fall ,
0	zion , you have good news to tell .
0	the lord god is coming with power .
0	like a good shepherd , he takes care of his people .
0	who measured the oceans in the palm of his hand ?
0	who could know the lord ’ s mind ?
0	did the lord ask for anyone ’ s help ?
0	look , all the nations in the world are like one small drop in the bucket .
0	all the trees in lebanon are not enough
0	compared to god , all the nations of the world are nothing .
0	can you compare god to anything ?
0	no , but some people make statues from rock or wood ,
0	for the base he chooses special wood ,
0	surely you know the truth , don ’ t you ?
0	it is the lord who sits above the circle of the earth .
0	he takes away the power of rulers .
0	they are like plants that are planted in the ground .
0	the holy one says , “ can you compare me to anyone ?
0	look up to the skies .
0	people of jacob , this is true .
0	surely you know the truth .
0	he helps tired people be strong .
0	young men get tired and need to rest .
0	but those who trust in the lord will become strong again .
0	who woke up the man who is coming from the east ?
0	he chases armies and is never hurt .
0	who was able to make all this happen ?
0	people along the coast saw this ,
0	“ workers help each other . they encourage each other to be strong .
0	the lord says , “ you , israel , are my servant .
0	you were in a faraway country ,
0	don ’ t worry—i am with you .
0	look , some people are angry with you ,
0	you will look for the people who were against you ,
0	i am the lord your god ,
0	people of israel , descendants of jacob , you may be weak and worthless ,
0	look , i have made you like a new threshing board with many sharp teeth .
0	you will throw them into the air ,
0	“ the poor and needy look for water ,
0	i will make rivers flow on dry hills .
0	i will make trees grow in the desert .
0	i will do this so that people will see it and know who did it .
0	the lord , the king of jacob , says , “ come , present your arguments . show me your proof .
0	“ look , you false gods are worthless . you can not do anything . only some horrible fool would want to worship you . ”
0	“ i called someone in the north to come .
0	“ who told us about this before it happened
0	i , the lord , was the first one to tell zion about these things .
0	i looked at those false gods .
0	those gods are all less than nothing .
0	“ here is my servant ,
0	he will not cry out or shout
0	he will not break even a crushed reed .
0	he will not grow weak or give up
0	“ i , the lord , was right to call you .
0	you will make the blind able to see .
0	“ i am yahweh .
0	in the past , i told you what would happen ,
0	sing a new song to the lord ;
0	deserts and cities , villages of kedar ,
0	give glory to the lord .
0	the lord will go out like a strong soldier .
0	“ for a long time i have said nothing .
0	i will destroy the hills and mountains .
0	then i will lead the blind along a path they never knew
0	but some of them have left me .
0	“ deaf people , listen to me !
0	in all the world , no one is more blind than my servant .
0	my people see what they should do ,
0	the lord wants them to do what is right .
0	but look at his people .
0	will any of you pay attention to this warning ? will you ever learn to listen ?
0	bring to me all the people who are mine—the people who have my name . i made them for myself . i made them , and they are mine .
0	“ bring out the people who have eyes but are blind . bring out the people who have ears but are deaf .
0	i myself am the lord , and there is no other savior .
0	i am the lord your holy one . i made israel . i am your king . ”
0	the lord is making roads through the sea . he is making a path for his people , even through rough waters . the lord says ,
0	so don ’ t remember what happened in earlier times . don ’ t think about what happened a long time ago ,
0	i made them , and they will sing songs of praise to me .
0	“ jacob , you did not pray to me . israel , you became tired of me .
0	“ i , i am the one who wipes away all your sins . i do this to please myself . i will not remember your sins .
0	but you should remember me . let ’ s meet together and decide what is right . tell your story and prove that you are innocent .
0	your first father sinned , and your lawyers committed crimes against me .
0	i will make your temple leaders unfit to serve there . i will destroy jacob . bad things will happen to israel .
0	“ jacob , you are my servant . israel , i chose you . listen to me !
0	they will sprout like grass in the spring and grow like trees by streams of water .
0	who made these false gods ? who covered these useless statues ?
0	“ jacob , remember these things !
0	your sins were like a big cloud ,
0	skies , rejoice for what the lord has done .
0	the one who rescued you is the lord ,
0	he tells the deep waters , “ become dry !
0	he says to cyrus , “ you are my shepherd .
0	this is what the lord said to cyrus , his chosen king :
0	i will go in front of you
0	i will give you the wealth that is stored in secret places .
0	i do this for my servant , jacob .
0	i am the lord , the only god .
0	i am doing this so that everyone will know
0	i made the light and the darkness .
0	“ may the clouds in the skies above
0	the lord god is the holy one of israel . he created israel , and he says ,
0	i made the earth ,
0	i was right to give power to cyrus ,
0	the lord says , “ egypt and ethiopia are rich ,
0	you are the god people can not see .
0	many people make false gods ,
0	but israel will be saved by the lord .
0	the lord is god .
0	i have spoken openly , not in secret .
0	tell them to come to me . let them present their case and discuss these things . )
0	so all you people in faraway places , turn to me and be saved , because i am god , and there is no other .
0	they will say , ‘ goodness and strength come only from the lord . ’ ”
0	the lord will help the people of israel live right and praise their god .
0	the lord says , “ bel has fallen to the ground . nebo is kneeling before me .
0	but they all bowed down and fell to the ground . they couldn ’ t escape ; they were all carried away like prisoners .
0	“ can you compare me to anyone ? no one is equal to me . you can not understand everything about me . there is nothing like me .
0	“ sinners , change your heart and mind . think about this again . remember it and be strong .
0	remember what happened long ago . remember , i am god and there is no other god . there is no other like me .
0	“ listen to me , you stubborn people ! you are far from doing what is right .
0	but i am close to making things right . salvation will not be delayed much longer . i will bring salvation to zion and to my wonderful israel . ”
0	“ fall down and sit in the dirt , virgin daughter babylon .
0	men will see your naked body
0	“ my people say , ‘ god saves us .
0	“ so babylon , sit down and shut up .
0	“ i was angry with my people .
0	you said , ‘ i will live forever .
0	so now listen , you who love only pleasure !
0	these two things will happen to you :
0	you do bad things but still feel safe .
0	“ but disaster is coming your way .
0	you worked hard all your life
0	you have many advisors .
0	but they can not even save themselves .
0	that ’ s what will happen to those you have worked with ,
0	“ family of jacob , listen to me !
0	“ yes , you call yourselves citizens of the holy city ,
0	“ long ago i told you what would happen .
0	i did that because i knew you were stubborn .
0	so long ago i told you what would happen .
0	“ you heard what i said would happen .
0	this is something that is happening now , not long ago .
0	but even in the past you didn ’ t listen .
0	“ but i will be patient .
0	“ look , i will make you pure ,
0	i will do this for myself—for me !
0	“ jacob , listen to me !
0	i made the earth with my own hands .
0	“ all of you , come here and listen to me .
0	“ i told you that i would call him .
0	come here and listen to me !
0	the lord , the savior , the holy one of israel , says ,
0	if you had obeyed me ,
0	if you had obeyed me ,
0	my people , leave babylon !
0	they never got thirsty as he led them through the desert ,
0	but the lord also said ,
0	hear me , people by the sea .
0	he used me to speak for him .
0	he told me , “ israel , you are my servant .
0	i said , “ i worked hard for nothing .
0	the lord is the one who made me in my mother ’ s womb ,
0	and now he says , “ you are a very important servant to me .
0	the lord , the holy protector of israel , speaks to his servant .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	you will tell the prisoners ,
0	they will not be hungry or thirsty .
0	i will make a road for my people .
0	“ look ! people are coming to me from faraway places .
0	heavens and earth , be happy !
0	but now zion says , “ the lord has left me ;
0	but the lord says ,
0	i drew a picture of you on my hand .
0	your children will come back to you ,
0	look up ! look all around you !
0	“ you are destroyed and defeated now .
0	you were sad for the children you lost , but they will tell you ,
0	then you will say to yourself ,
0	this is what the lord god says :
0	kings will be their teachers .
0	if a strong soldier takes a prisoner ,
0	here is the lord ’ s answer :
0	those people hurt you ,
0	this is what the lord says :
0	i came home and found no one there .
0	i can make the skies dark .
0	the lord god gave me the ability to teach , so now i teach these sad people . every morning he wakes me and teaches me like a student .
0	the lord god helps me learn , and i have not turned against him . i will not stop following him .
0	“ my people , listen to me !
0	i will soon save you and show that i am fair .
0	look up to the heavens !
0	you people who understand goodness should listen to me .
0	they will be like old clothes eaten by moths .
0	wake up ! wake up !
0	you dried up the water that was in the deep sea .
0	the lord will save his people .
0	the lord says , “ i am the one who comforts you .
0	“ i , the lord , am the one who made you .
0	“ people in prison will soon be made free .
0	“ i am the lord your god ,
0	wake up ! wake up !
0	jerusalem had many people , but none of them became leaders for her . none of the children she raised became guides to lead her .
0	troubles came to you , jerusalem , in pairs : your land was destroyed and lies in ruins , and your people suffered from famine and war .
0	wake up ! wake up !
0	jerusalem , get up and shake off the dust !
0	the lord god says , “ first , my people went down to egypt and became slaves . then assyria made them slaves .
0	the city guards are shouting .
0	ruins of jerusalem , be happy again !
0	the lord showed his holy strength to all the nations .
0	you will leave babylon ,
0	the lord says , “ look , my servant will succeed in what he has to do , and he will be raised to a position of high honor .
0	it is true that many were shocked when they saw him . he was beaten so badly that he no longer looked like a man .
0	who really believed what we heard ? who saw in it the lord ’ s great power ?
0	we had all wandered away like sheep . we had gone our own way . and yet the lord put all our guilt on him .
0	after his suffering he will see the light , and he will be satisfied with what he experienced .
0	“ woman , be happy !
0	“ make your tent bigger .
0	because you will grow in all directions .
0	don ’ t be afraid !
0	your real husband is the one who made you .
0	“ like a woman whose husband has left her ,
0	“ for a short time i turned away from you ,
0	i was so angry that for a while i did not want to see you .
0	“ remember , in noah ’ s time i punished the world with the flood .
0	“ the mountains may disappear ,
0	“ you poor city !
0	the stones on top of the wall will be made from rubies .
0	i , the lord , will teach your children ,
0	you will be built on goodness .
0	i will never send anyone to attack you .
0	“ all you people who are thirsty , come !
0	why waste your money on something that is not real food ?
0	listen closely to what i say .
0	i made david a witness of my power for all nations .
0	there are nations in places you don ’ t know ,
0	so you should look for the lord
0	evil people should stop living evil lives .
0	the lord says , “ my thoughts are not like yours .
0	just as the heavens are higher than the earth ,
0	“ rain and snow fall from the sky
0	in the same way , my words leave my mouth ,
0	“ so you will go out from there with joy .
0	large cypress trees will grow where there were thornbushes .
0	i will bless those who refuse to do wrong and who obey the law about the sabbath . ”
0	the lord god said these things .
0	wild animals in the forest ,
0	the watchmen are all blind .
0	they are like hungry dogs .
0	they come and say ,
0	all the good people are gone ,
0	but peace will come too ,
0	“ come here , you children of witches .
0	you are children out of control , full of lies .
0	all you want is to worship false gods
0	you love to worship the smooth rocks in the rivers .
0	you make your bed on every hill
0	you hide the things that help you remember me
0	you use your oils and perfumes
0	all of them made you tired ,
0	you did not remember me .
0	i could tell about your ‘ good works ’ and all the ‘ religious ’ things you do ,
0	when you need help ,
0	clear the road ! clear the road !
0	god is high and lifted up .
0	i will not accuse my people forever .
0	israel ’ s evil greed made me angry ,
0	i have seen their way of life , but i will heal them .
0	i will teach them a new word : peace .
0	but evil people are like the angry ocean .
0	shout as loud as you can and don ’ t stop .
0	they still come every day to worship me ,
0	look , the lord ’ s power is enough to save you . he can hear you when you ask him for help .
0	it is your sins that separate you from your god . he turns away from you when he sees them .
0	that ’ s because your hands are covered with blood from the people you murdered . you tell lies and say evil things .
0	they can not be used for clothes , and you can not cover yourself with them .
0	all fairness and goodness is gone .
0	we are like people without eyes .
0	we are always complaining ;
0	that ’ s because we committed crimes against our god .
0	we rebelled against the lord
0	we pushed justice away .
0	he did not see anyone speak up for the people .
0	he put on the armor of goodness ,
0	he will give his enemies the punishment they deserve .
0	people from the west to the east will fear the lord
0	then a redeemer will come to zion
0	“ jerusalem , get up and shine !
0	darkness now covers the earth ,
0	then the nations will come to your light .
0	“ at that time you will see your people ,
0	herds of camels from midian and ephah
0	people will collect all the sheep from kedar and give them to you .
0	look at the people .
0	the faraway lands are waiting for me .
0	children from other lands will rebuild your walls .
0	your gates will always be open .
0	any nation or kingdom that does not serve you
0	all the great things of lebanon will be given to you .
0	in the past , people hurt you ,
0	“ people hated you .
0	nations will give you what you need ,
0	“ you now have copper ,
0	there will never again be news of violence in your country .
0	“ the sun will no longer be your light during the day .
0	your sun will never go down again .
0	“ all your people will be good .
0	the smallest family will become a large family group .
0	then the old cities that were destroyed will be rebuilt . those ancient ruins will be made new , as they were in the beginning .
0	then your enemies will come to care for your sheep , and their children will work in your fields and in your gardens .
0	their descendants will be known throughout the earth , and everyone will know their children . whoever sees them will know that the lord has blessed them .
0	the lord makes me very happy .
0	the earth causes plants to grow ,
0	then all nations will see your goodness .
0	you will be like a beautiful crown that the lord holds up ,
0	you will never again be called ‘ the people god left . ’
0	as a young man takes a bride and she belongs to him ,
0	jerusalem , i put guards on your walls .
0	don ’ t give him any rest until he rebuilds jerusalem
0	the lord made a promise and guaranteed it by his own power .
0	whoever gathers the food will eat it and praise the lord .
0	come through the gates !
0	listen , the lord is speaking
0	his people will be called “ the holy people , ”
0	who is this coming from edom ,
0	“ why are your clothes bright red ?
0	he answers , “ i walked in the winepress by myself .
0	i chose a time to punish people .
0	i looked around , but i saw no one to help me .
0	in my anger i trampled down the nations .
0	i will remember the kind things the lord has done ,
0	he said , “ these are my people .
0	the people had many troubles ,
0	but they turned against him
0	then they remembered what happened long ago .
0	he was by moses ’ side and led him with his wonderful hand .
0	he led the people through the deep sea .
0	like cattle going down to the valley ,
0	please , look down from the heavens .
0	look , you are our father !
0	lord , why are you pushing us away from you ?
0	your holy people had their land only a short time .
0	some people don ’ t follow you .
0	if you would tear open the skies
0	the mountains would burst into flames like burning bushes .
0	but you have done awesome things that we did not expect .
0	no one has ever heard of such a god .
0	you welcome people who enjoy doing good and who remember you
0	we are all dirty with sin .
0	we don ’ t call to you for help .
0	but , lord , you are our father .
0	lord , don ’ t continue to be angry with us !
0	your holy cities are as empty as the desert .
0	our ancestors worshiped you in our holy temple .
0	lord , will these things always keep you from helping ?
0	they keep doing things , right in front of me , that make me angry . they offer sacrifices and burn incense in their special gardens .
0	so this is what the lord god says :
0	my servants will shout for joy ,
0	your names will be like curses to my chosen servants . ”
0	the lord says , “ people now ask blessings from the earth .
0	“ i am creating a new heaven and a new earth .
0	my people will be happy and rejoice forever and ever
0	“ then i will rejoice with jerusalem .
0	in that city there will never be a baby who lives only a few days ,
0	“ in that city whoever builds a house will live there ;
0	never again will one person build a house
0	never again will a woman suffer childbirth
0	i will answer them before they call for help .
0	wolves and little lambs will eat together .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	i am the one who made all things .
0	some people kill bulls as a sacrifice ,
0	so i decided to use their own tricks .
0	you who obey the lord ’ s commands ,
0	in the same way , i will not cause pain without allowing something new to be born . ”
0	jerusalem and all her friends , be happy !
0	be happy that you will receive mercy
0	this is what the lord says :
0	i will comfort you like a mother comforting her child .
0	when you see these things , you will be happy .
0	look , the lord is coming with fire .
0	the lord will judge the people
0	i will also choose some of these people to be priests and levites. ” the lord himself said this .
0	greetings from james , a servant of god and of the lord jesus christ .
0	my brothers and sisters , you will have many kinds of trouble . but this gives you a reason to be very happy .
0	you know that when your faith is tested , you learn to be patient in suffering .
0	do any of you need wisdom ? ask god for it . he is generous and enjoys giving to everyone . so he will give you wisdom .
0	believers who are poor should be glad that god considers them so important .
0	believers who are rich should be glad when bad things happen that humble them . their riches won ’ t keep them from disappearing as quickly as wildflowers .
0	you are tempted by the evil things you want . your own desire leads you away and traps you .
0	your desire grows inside you until it results in sin . then the sin grows bigger and bigger and finally ends in death .
0	my dear brothers and sisters , don ’ t be fooled about this .
0	god decided to give us life through the true message he sent to us . he wanted us to be the most important of all that he created .
0	my dear brothers and sisters , always be more willing to listen than to speak . keep control of your anger .
0	anger does not help you live the way god wants .
0	do what god ’ s teaching says ; don ’ t just listen and do nothing . when you only sit and listen , you are fooling yourselves .
0	hearing god ’ s teaching and doing nothing is like looking at your face in the mirror
0	and doing nothing about what you saw . you go away and immediately forget how bad you looked .
0	my dear brothers and sisters , you are believers in our glorious lord jesus christ . so don ’ t treat some people better than others .
0	suppose someone comes into your meeting wearing very nice clothes and a gold ring . at the same time a poor person comes in wearing old , dirty clothes .
0	doesn ’ t this show that you think some people are more important than others ? you set yourselves up as judges—judges who make bad decisions .
0	and the rich are the ones who insult the wonderful name of christ , the name by which you are known .
0	but if you are treating one person as more important than another , you are sinning . you are guilty of breaking god ’ s law .
0	you will be judged by the law that makes people free . you should remember this in everything you say and do .
0	my brothers and sisters , if a person claims to have faith but does nothing , that faith is worth nothing . faith like that can not save anyone .
0	suppose a brother or sister in christ comes to you in need of clothes or something to eat .
0	it is the same with faith . if it is just faith and nothing more—if it doesn ’ t do anything—it is dead .
0	you believe there is one god . that ’ s good , but even the demons believe that ! and they shake with fear .
0	you fool ! faith that does nothing is worth nothing . do you want me to prove this to you ?
0	our father abraham was made right with god by what he did . he offered his son isaac to god on the altar .
0	so you see that abraham ’ s faith and what he did worked together . his faith was made perfect by what he did .
0	so you see that people are made right with god by what they do . they can not be made right by faith alone .
0	a person ’ s body that does not have a spirit is dead . it is the same with faith—faith that does nothing is dead !
0	we all make many mistakes . a person who never said anything wrong would be perfect . someone like that would be able to control their whole body too .
0	we put bits into the mouths of horses to make them obey us . with these bits we can control their whole body .
0	it is the same with our tongue . it is a small part of the body , but it can boast about doing great things .
0	humans have control over every kind of wild animal , bird , reptile , and fish , and they have controlled all these things .
0	but no one can control the tongue . it is wild and evil , full of deadly poison .
0	we use our tongues to praise our lord and father , but then we curse people who were created in god ’ s likeness .
0	these praises and curses come from the same mouth . my brothers and sisters , this should not happen .
0	do good water and bad water flow from the same spring ? of course not .
0	if you are selfish and have bitter jealousy in your hearts , you have no reason to boast . your boasting is a lie that hides the truth .
0	where there is jealousy and selfishness , there will be confusion and every kind of evil .
0	people who work for peace in a peaceful way get the blessings that come from right living .
0	do you know where your fights and arguments come from ? they come from the selfish desires that make war inside you .
0	do you think the scriptures mean nothing ? the scriptures say , “ the spirit god made to live in us wants us only for himself . ”
0	but the kindness god shows is greater . as the scripture says , “ god is against the proud , but he is kind to the humble . ”
0	so give yourselves to god . stand against the devil , and he will run away from you .
0	be sad , be sorry , and cry ! change your laughter into crying . change your joy into sadness .
0	be humble before the lord , and he will make you great .
0	so you should say , “ if the lord wants , we will live and do this or that . ”
0	but now you are proud and boast about yourself . all such boasting is wrong .
0	if you fail to do what you know is right , you are sinning .
0	you rich people , listen ! cry and be very sad because much trouble will come to you .
0	your riches will rot and be worth nothing . your clothes will be eaten by moths .
0	you showed no mercy to good people . they were not against you , but you killed them .
0	you must be patient too . never stop hoping . the lord is coming soon .
0	brothers and sisters , follow the example of the prophets who spoke for the lord . they suffered many bad things , but they were patient .
0	are you having troubles ? you should pray . are you happy ? you should sing .
0	are you sick ? ask the elders of the church to come and rub oil on you in the name of the lord and pray for you .
0	then elijah prayed that it would rain . and the rain came down from the sky , and the land grew crops again .
0	my brothers and sisters , if anyone wanders away from the truth and someone helps that person come back ,
0	remember this : anyone who brings a sinner back from the wrong way will save that person from eternal death and cause many sins to be forgiven .
0	greetings from peter , an apostle of jesus christ .
0	i know the thought of that is exciting , even if you must suffer through different kinds of troubles for a short time now .
0	your faith has a goal , and you are reaching that goal—your salvation .
0	the prophets studied carefully and tried to learn about this salvation . they spoke about the grace that was coming to you .
0	so prepare your minds for service . with complete self-control put all your hope in the grace that will be yours when jesus christ comes .
0	be holy in everything you do , just as god is holy . he is the one who chose you .
0	in the scriptures god says , “ be holy , because i am holy . ”
0	you were bought with the precious blood of christ ’ s death . he was a pure and perfect sacrificial lamb .
0	christ was chosen before the world was made , but he was shown to the world in these last times for you .
0	but the word of the lord lasts forever . ”
0	like newborn babies hungry for milk , you should want the pure teaching that feeds your spirit . with it you can grow up and be saved .
0	you have already tasted the goodness of the lord .
0	so , that stone brings honor for you who believe . but for those who don ’ t believe he is
0	for them he is also
0	in the past you were not a special people ,
0	be willing to serve the people who have authority in this world . do this for the lord . obey the king , the highest authority .
0	and obey the leaders who are sent by the king . they are sent to punish those who do wrong and to praise those who do good .
0	when you do good , you stop ignorant people from saying foolish things about you . this is what god wants .
0	live like free people , but don ’ t use your freedom as an excuse to do evil . live as those who are serving god .
0	show respect for all people . love your brothers and sisters in god ’ s family . respect god , and honor the king .
0	one of you might have to suffer even when you have done nothing wrong . if you think of god and bear the pain , this pleases god .
0	“ he never sinned ,
0	you were like sheep that went the wrong way . but now you have come back to the shepherd and protector of your lives .
0	your husbands will see the pure lives that you live with respect for god .
0	it is not fancy hair , gold jewelry , or fine clothes that should make you beautiful .
0	so all of you should live together in peace . try to understand each other . love each other like brothers and sisters . be kind and humble .
0	stop doing what is wrong , and do good .
0	the lord watches over those who do what is right ,
0	if you are always trying to do good , no one can really harm you .
0	but keep the lord christ holy in your hearts . always be ready to answer everyone who asks you to explain about the hope you have .
0	it is better to suffer for doing good than for doing wrong . yes , it is better if that is what god wants .
0	christ himself suffered when he died for you ,
0	and by the spirit he went and preached to the spirits in prison .
0	now he has gone into heaven . he is at god ’ s right side and rules over angels , authorities , and powers .
0	strengthen yourselves so that you will live your lives here on earth doing what god wants , not the evil things that people want to do .
0	the time is near when all things will end . so keep your minds clear , and control yourselves . this will help you in your prayers .
0	most important of all , love each other deeply , because love makes you willing to forgive many sins .
0	open your homes to each other and share your food without complaining .
0	but you should be happy that you are sharing in christ ’ s sufferings . you will be happy and full of joy when christ shows his glory .
0	you may suffer , but don ’ t let it be because you murder , steal , make trouble , or try to control other people ’ s lives .
0	but if you suffer because you are a “ christ-follower , ” don ’ t be ashamed . you should praise god for that name .
0	“ if it is hard for even a good person to be saved ,
0	don ’ t be like a ruler over those you are responsible for . but be good examples to them .
0	then when christ the ruling shepherd comes , you will get a crown—one that will be glorious and never lose its beauty .
0	so be humble under god ’ s powerful hand . then he will lift you up when the right time comes .
0	give all your worries to him , because he cares for you .
0	control yourselves and be careful ! the devil is your enemy , and he goes around like a roaring lion looking for someone to attack and eat .
0	all power is his forever . amen .
0	the church in babylon sends you greetings . they were chosen just as you were . mark , my son in christ , also sends his greetings .
0	give each other a special greeting of love when you meet .
0	greetings from simon peter , a servant and apostle of jesus christ .
0	grace and peace be given to you more and more , because now you know god and jesus our lord .
0	because you have these blessings , do all you can to add to your life these things : to your faith add goodness ; to your goodness add knowledge ;
0	to your knowledge add self-control ; to your self-control add patience ; to your patience add devotion to god ;
0	to your devotion add kindness toward your brothers and sisters in christ , and to this kindness add love .
0	and you will be given a very great welcome into the kingdom of our lord and savior jesus christ , a kingdom that never ends .
0	you already know these things . you are very strong in the truth you have . but i am always going to help you remember them .
0	while i am still living here on earth , i think it is right for me to remind you of them .
0	i know that i must soon leave this body . our lord jesus christ has shown me that .
0	i will try my best to make sure you remember these things even after i am gone .
0	and we heard that voice . it came from heaven while we were with jesus on the holy mountain .
0	most important of all , you must understand this : no prophecy in the scriptures comes from the prophet ’ s own understanding .
0	no prophecy ever came from what some person wanted to say . but people were led by the holy spirit and spoke words from god .
0	but he saved lot , a good man who lived there . lot was greatly troubled by the morally bad lives of those evil people .
0	this good man lived with those evil people every day , and his good heart was hurt by the evil things he saw and heard .
0	they have made many people suffer . so they themselves will suffer . that is their pay for what they have done .
0	my friends , this is the second letter i have written to you . i wrote both letters to you to help your honest minds remember something .
0	then the world was flooded and destroyed with water .
0	everything will be destroyed in this way . so what kind of people should you be ? your lives should be holy and devoted to god .
0	but grow in the grace and knowledge of our lord and savior jesus christ . glory be to him , now and forever ! amen .
0	we write these things to you so that you can be full of joy with us .
0	we heard the true teaching from god . now we tell it to you : god is light , and in him there is no darkness .
0	if we say that we have no sin , we are fooling ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
0	if we say that we have not sinned , we are saying that god is a liar and that we don ’ t accept his true teaching .
0	jesus is the way our sins are taken away . and he is the way all people can have their sins taken away too .
0	if we obey what god has told us to do , then we are sure that we know him .
0	if we say we know god but do not obey his commands , we are lying . the truth is not in us .
0	but when we obey god ’ s teaching , his love is truly working in us . this is how we know that we are living in him .
0	if we say we live in god , we must live the way jesus lived .
0	those who love their brothers and sisters live in the light , and there is nothing in them that will make them do wrong .
0	i write to you , dear children ,
0	i write to you , fathers ,
0	i write to you , children ,
0	the world is passing away , and all the things that people want in the world are passing away . but whoever does what god wants will live forever .
0	you have the gift that the holy one gave you . so you all know the truth .
0	whoever does not believe in the son does not have the father , but whoever accepts the son has the father too .
0	and this is what the son promised us—eternal life .
0	i am writing this letter about those who are trying to lead you into the wrong way .
0	you know that christ always did what was right . so you know that all those who do what is right are god ’ s children .
0	he is pure , and everyone who has this hope in him keeps themselves pure like christ .
0	anyone who sins breaks god ’ s law . yes , sinning is the same as living against god ’ s law .
0	you know that christ came to take away people ’ s sins . there is no sin in christ .
0	so whoever lives in christ does not continue to sin . if they continue to sin , they have never really understood christ and have never known him .
0	this is the teaching you have heard from the beginning : we must love each other .
0	brothers and sisters , don ’ t be surprised when the people of this world hate you .
0	anyone who hates a fellow believer is a murderer . and you know that no murderer has eternal life .
0	my dear friends , if we don ’ t feel that we are doing wrong , we can be without fear when we come to god .
0	and god gives us what we ask for . we receive it because we obey god ’ s commands and do what pleases him .
0	this is what god commands : that we believe in his son jesus christ , and that we love each other as he commanded .
0	and they belong to the world , so what they say is from the world too . and the world listens to what they say .
0	anyone who does not love does not know god , because god is love .
0	this is how god showed his love to us : he sent his only son into the world to give us life through him .
0	true love is god ’ s love for us , not our love for god . he sent his son as the way to take away our sins .
0	that is how much god loved us , dear friends ! so we also must love each other .
0	we know that we live in god and god lives in us . we know this because he gave us his spirit .
0	we have seen that the father sent his son to be the savior of the world , and this is what we tell people now .
0	so we know the love that god has for us , and we trust that love .
0	we love because god first loved us .
0	god gave us this command : if we love god , we must also love each other as brothers and sisters .
0	the people who believe that jesus is the messiah are god ’ s children . anyone who loves the father also loves the father ’ s children .
0	how do we know that we love god ’ s children ? we know because we love god and we obey his commands .
0	loving god means obeying his commands . and god ’ s commands are not too hard for us ,
0	because everyone who is a child of god has the power to win against the world .
0	so there are three witnesses that tell us about jesus :
0	the spirit , the water , and the blood . these three witnesses agree .
0	this is what god told us : god has given us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
0	whoever has the son has life , but whoever does not have the son of god does not have life .
0	i write this letter to you who believe in the son of god . i write so that you will know that you have eternal life now .
0	he listens to us every time we ask him . so we know that he gives us whatever we ask from him .
0	doing wrong is always sin . but there is sin that does not lead to eternal death .
0	we know that we belong to god , but the evil one controls the whole world .
0	so , dear children , keep yourselves away from false gods .
0	greetings from the elder .
0	we love you because of the truth—the truth that lives in us . that truth will be with us forever .
0	grace , mercy , and peace will be with us from god the father and from his son , jesus christ , as we live in truth and love .
0	be careful ! don ’ t lose the reward we have worked for . be careful so that you will receive all of that reward .
0	if you do , you are helping them with their evil work .
0	the children of your sister who was chosen by god send you their love .
0	greetings from the elder .
0	it always gives me the greatest joy when i hear that my children are following the way of truth .
0	my dear friend , it is good that you continue to help the believers . they are people you don ’ t even know .
0	they told the church about the love you have . please help them to continue their trip . help them in a way that will please god .
0	they went on their trip to serve christ . they did not accept any help from people who are not believers .
0	so we should help them . when we help them , we share with their work for the truth .
0	i wrote a letter to the church , but diotrephes will not listen to what we say . he always wants to be the leader .
0	i have many things i want to tell you . but i don ’ t want to use pen and ink .
0	i hope to visit you soon . then we can be together and talk .
0	peace to you . the friends here with me send their love . please give our love to each one of the friends there .
0	the lord began to speak to jeremiah in the 13th year that josiah , son of amon , was king of the nation of judah .
0	the lord ’ s message came to me :
0	“ before i made you in your mother ’ s womb ,
0	then i said , “ but , lord god , i don ’ t know how to speak . i am only a boy . ”
0	but the lord said to me ,
0	don ’ t be afraid of anyone .
0	then the lord reached out with his hand and touched my mouth . he said to me ,
0	today i have put you in charge of nations and kingdoms .
0	the lord ’ s message came to me : “ jeremiah , what do you see ? ”
0	the lord said to me , “ you have seen very well , and i am watching to make sure that my message to you comes true . ”
0	the lord ’ s message came to me again : “ jeremiah , what do you see ? ”
0	the lord said to me , “ something terrible will come from the north .
0	in a short time i will call all the people in the northern kingdoms . ”
0	and i will announce judgment against my people ,
0	“ as for you , jeremiah , get ready .
0	as for me , today i will make you like a strong city ,
0	all those people will fight against you ,
0	the lord ’ s message came to me :
0	“ jeremiah , go and speak to the people of jerusalem . tell them that this is what the lord says :
0	the people of israel were a holy gift to the lord .
0	family of jacob , hear the lord ’ s message .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	your ancestors did not say ,
0	“ i brought you into a good land ,
0	“ the priests did not ask ,
0	the lord says , “ so now i will accuse you again ,
0	go across the sea to the islands of kittim .
0	has any nation ever stopped worshiping their old gods
0	“ skies , be shocked at what happened !
0	“ my people have done two evil things .
0	“ israel is not a slave , is he ?
0	like a lion the enemy has roared at israel .
0	people from memphis and tahpanhes
0	this trouble is your own fault .
0	people of judah , think about this :
0	you have done wrong ,
0	“ judah , long ago you broke free from me ,
0	judah , i planted you like a special vine .
0	even if you wash yourself with lye ,
0	“ judah , how can you say to me ,
0	you are like a wild donkey that lives in the desert .
0	judah , stop chasing after idols !
0	“ a thief is ashamed
0	they say to pieces of wood ,
0	but where are the idols you made for yourselves ?
0	“ why do you argue with me ?
0	“ i punished you people of judah ,
0	people of this generation ,
0	a young woman does not forget her jewelry .
0	“ judah , you have become so good at finding lovers .
0	you have blood on your hands !
0	but still , you say , ‘ i am innocent .
0	you go from one place to another looking for help ,
0	so you will eventually leave egypt too ,
0	“ if a man divorces his wife and she goes and marries someone else ,
0	“ look up to the bare hilltops , judah .
0	you sinned , so the rain has not come .
0	but didn ’ t you just call me ‘ father ’ ?
0	you also said , ‘ god will not always be angry with me .
0	the lord said to me , “ israel was not faithful to me , but she had a better excuse than unfaithful judah .
0	jeremiah , look toward the north and speak this message :
0	but you must recognize your sin .
0	then i will give you new rulers who will be faithful to me . they will lead you with knowledge and understanding .
0	in those days there will be many of you in the land. ” this message is from the lord .
0	this message is from the lord :
0	you can hear crying on the bare hills .
0	“ people of israel , you are unfaithful to me , but come back to me .
0	it was foolish to worship idols on the hills .
0	that terrible false god baal has eaten everything our fathers owned .
0	let us lie down in our shame .
0	this message is from the lord .
0	if you do these things , you will be able to use my name to make a promise .
0	this is what the lord says to the people of judah and to jerusalem :
0	become the lord ’ s people .
0	“ give this message to the people of judah :
0	raise the signal flag toward zion .
0	a lion has come out of his cave .
0	the lord is angry with us ,
0	the lord says , “ when this happens ,
0	at that time this message will be given
0	it is a stronger wind than that ,
0	look ! the enemy rises up like a cloud .
0	listen ! the voice of a messenger
0	“ report it to this nation .
0	the enemy has surrounded jerusalem
0	“ the way you lived and the things you did
0	my sadness and worry is making my stomach hurt .
0	how long must i see the war flags ?
0	the lord said , “ my people are foolish .
0	i looked at the earth .
0	i looked at the mountains ,
0	i looked , but there were no people .
0	i looked , and the good land had become a desert .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	so the people in the land will cry for the dead .
0	the people of judah will hear the sound
0	judah , you have been destroyed .
0	i hear a cry like a woman in labor ,
0	the people make promises and say , ‘ as the lord lives. ’ but they don ’ t really mean it ! ”
0	lord , i know that you want people
0	but i said to myself ,
0	so i will go to the leaders of judah .
0	so a lion from the forest will attack them .
0	god says , “ people of judah , why should i forgive you ?
0	they are like horses that have had plenty to eat and are ready to mate .
0	should i punish the people of judah for doing these things ? ”
0	“ go along the rows of judah ’ s grapevines .
0	the family of israel and the family of judah
0	“ those people lied about the lord .
0	the prophets are only empty wind .
0	the lord god all-powerful said these things :
0	family of israel , this message is from the lord .
0	their arrow bags are like open graves .
0	they will eat all the crops that you gathered .
0	this message is from the lord : “ but , judah , when these terrible days come , i will not fully destroy you .
0	“ tell this message to the family of jacob ,
0	surely you are afraid of me . ”
0	but the people of judah are stubborn .
0	the people of judah never say to themselves ,
0	you don ’ t have these blessings because you have done wrong .
0	there are evil men among my people .
0	their houses are full of lies ,
0	they have grown big and fat from the evil they have done .
0	should i punish the people of judah for doing these things ? ”
0	“ a terrible and shocking thing
0	the prophets tell lies .
0	“ run for your lives , people of benjamin !
0	jerusalem , you are like a beautiful meadow .
0	enemy shepherds will surround you
0	“ get ready to fight against jerusalem .
0	so get up ! we will attack the city at night !
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	as a well keeps its water fresh ,
0	listen to this warning , jerusalem ,
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	who can i speak to ?
0	but i am full of the lord ’ s anger ,
0	their houses will be given to others .
0	“ all the people of israel want more and more money .
0	they should bandage the wounds my people have suffered ,
0	they should be ashamed of the evil things they do ,
0	this is what the lord says :
0	i chose watchmen to watch over you .
0	so listen , all you nations ,
0	hear this , people of the earth :
0	“ why do you bring me incense from the country of sheba ?
0	so this is what the lord says :
0	this is what the lord says :
0	the soldiers carry bows and spears .
0	we have heard the news about that army ,
0	don ’ t go out into the fields .
0	my people , put on sackcloth
0	“ jeremiah , i want you to be
0	my people have turned against me ,
0	they are like a worker who tried to make silver pure .
0	my people will be called ‘ rejected silver . ’
0	this is the lord ’ s message to jeremiah :
0	“ jeremiah , stand at the gate of the lord ’ s house . teach this message at the gate :
0	if you change your lives and do good things , i will let you live in this place . you must be fair to each other .
0	if you obey me , i will let you live in this place . i gave this land to your ancestors for them to keep forever .
0	“ ‘ but you are trusting lies that are worthless .
0	i will throw you away from me just as i threw away all your brothers from ephraim . ’
0	i know you see what they are doing in the towns of judah . you can see what they are doing in the streets of the city of jerusalem .
0	i brought your ancestors out of egypt . i spoke to them , but i did not give them any commands about burnt offerings and sacrifices .
0	“ jeremiah , say this to the people of judah : ‘ this is what the lord says :
0	the people of judah went the wrong way .
0	i have listened to them very carefully ,
0	even the birds in the sky
0	“ ‘ you keep saying , “ we have the lord ’ s teachings . so we are wise ! ”
0	these “ wise people ” refused to listen to the lord ’ s teachings .
0	so i will give their wives to other men .
0	they should bandage the wounds my people have suffered ,
0	they should be ashamed of the evil things they do ,
0	“ ‘ i will take away their fruit and crops
0	“ they will say , ‘ why are we just sitting here ?
0	we hoped to have peace ,
0	from the land of the tribe of dan ,
0	“ people of judah , i am sending poisonous snakes to attack you .
0	god , i am very sad and afraid .
0	listen to my people .
0	and the people say ,
0	my people are hurt , so i am hurt .
0	surely there is some medicine in gilead .
0	if my head were filled with water ,
0	if only i had a place in the desert—
0	“ they use their tongues like a bow ;
0	“ watch your neighbors !
0	everyone lies to their neighbor .
0	one bad thing followed another ,
0	so the lord all-powerful says ,
0	the people of judah have tongues as sharp as arrows .
0	should i punish the people of judah for doing these things ? ”
0	i , jeremiah , will cry for the mountains .
0	the lord says , “ i will make the city of jerusalem a pile of garbage .
0	so the lord all-powerful , the god of israel , says , “ i will soon make the people of judah eat bitter food and drink poisoned water .
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	“ the sound of loud crying is heard from zion :
0	now , women of judah , listen to the message from the lord .
0	“ death has climbed in through our windows
0	this is what you should say : “ the lord says ,
0	this is what the lord says :
0	but if someone wants to brag , then let them brag about this :
0	this is what the lord says : “ the time is coming when i will punish all those who are circumcised only in the body .
0	family of israel , listen to the lord !
0	this is what the lord says :
0	the customs of other people are worth nothing .
0	they make their idols beautiful with silver and gold .
0	the idols of the other nations are like
0	lord , there is no one like you .
0	everyone should respect you , king of all the nations .
0	all the people of the other nations are stupid and foolish .
0	they use silver from the city of tarshish
0	but the lord is the only true god .
0	the lord says , “ tell them this message :
0	god is the one who used his power and made the earth .
0	god causes the loud thunder ,
0	people are so stupid !
0	these idols are worth nothing .
0	but jacob ’ s god is not like the idols .
0	get everything you own and prepare to leave .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	i am hurt badly .
0	my tent is ruined .
0	the shepherds are stupid .
0	listen ! a loud noise !
0	lord , i know that our lives do not belong to us .
0	so correct us , lord !
0	if you are angry , then punish the other nations .
0	this is the message from the lord :
0	“ jeremiah , listen to the words of this agreement and tell them to the people living in jerusalem and the rest of judah .
0	tell them that this is what the lord , the god of israel , says : ‘ bad things will happen to anyone who does not obey this agreement .
0	the lord said to me , “ jeremiah , i know that the people of judah and the people living in jerusalem have made secret plans .
0	“ judah is the one i love , but why is she in my temple ?
0	the lord gave you a name .
0	no one from the city of anathoth will be left . no one will survive . i will punish them and cause something bad to happen to them . ”
0	lord , if i argue with you ,
0	you have put these wicked people here like plants with strong roots .
0	but you know my heart , lord .
0	how much longer will the land be dry ?
0	“ jeremiah , if running in a race against men makes you tired ,
0	these men are your own brothers .
0	“ i have abandoned my house .
0	my own people turned against me like a wild lion .
0	my own people have become like
0	many shepherds have ruined my vineyard .
0	they have turned it into an empty desert .
0	the empty hills are covered with soldiers
0	the people will plant wheat ,
0	so i bought a linen loincloth , just as the lord told me to do , and i put it around my waist .
0	then the message from the lord came to me a second time .
0	so i went to perath and hid the loincloth there , just as the lord told me to do .
0	many days later the lord said to me , “ now , jeremiah , go to perath . get the loincloth that i told you to hide there . ”
0	then the message from the lord came to me .
0	listen and pay attention .
0	honor the lord your god .
0	if you people of judah don ’ t listen to him ,
0	tell these things to the king and his wife ,
0	the cities in the negev are locked .
0	i will let your enemies become your rulers—
0	you might ask yourself ,
0	a black man can not change the color of his skin ,
0	“ i will force you to leave your homes .
0	this is what will happen to you .
0	jerusalem , i will pull your skirt up over your face .
0	i saw the terrible things you did .
0	this is the lord ’ s message to jeremiah about the drought :
0	“ the nation of judah cries for people who have died .
0	the leaders of the people send their servants to get water .
0	no one prepares the ground for crops .
0	even the mother deer in the field leaves her newborn baby alone ,
0	wild donkeys stand on the bare hills .
0	“ we know that this is our fault .
0	god , you are the hope of israel !
0	you seem like a man who has been attacked by surprise ,
0	then the lord said to me , “ jeremiah , don ’ t pray for good things to happen to the people of judah .
0	“ jeremiah , speak this message to the people of judah :
0	if i go into the country ,
0	lord , have you completely rejected the nation of judah ?
0	lord , we know that we are wicked .
0	for the good of your name , don ’ t push us away .
0	foreign idols don ’ t have the power to bring rain .
0	they might ask you , ‘ where will we go ? ’ tell them this is what the lord says :
0	i will send four kinds of destroyers against them . ’
0	i will make the people of judah
0	“ no one will feel sorry for you , city of jerusalem .
0	jerusalem , you left me . ”
0	i will separate the people of judah with my pitchfork .
0	many women will lose their husbands .
0	the enemy will attack with swords and kill the people .
0	mother , i am sorry
0	surely , lord , i have served you well .
0	“ jeremiah , you know that no one
0	the people of judah have many treasures .
0	people of judah , i will make you slaves of your enemies .
0	lord , you understand me .
0	your words came to me , and i ate them up .
0	i never sat with the crowd
0	i don ’ t understand why i still hurt .
0	then the lord said , “ jeremiah , if you change and come back to me ,
0	i will make you strong .
0	“ i will save you from these evil people .
0	the lord ’ s message came to me :
0	“ jeremiah , you must not get married . you must not have sons or daughters in this place . ”
0	this is what the lord says about the sons and daughters who are born in the land of judah and about their mothers and fathers :
0	i see everything they do . the people of judah can not hide the things they do . their sin is not hidden from me .
0	lord , you are my strength and my protection .
0	can people make real gods for themselves ?
0	“ so i will teach those who make idols .
0	“ the sins of judah are written where they can not be erased—
0	their children remember the altars
0	you will lose the land i gave you .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	they are like a bush in a desert where no one lives .
0	“ but those who trust in the lord will be blessed .
0	they will be strong like trees planted near a stream
0	“ nothing can hide its evil as well as the human mind .
0	but i am the lord ,
0	sometimes a bird will hatch an egg that it did not lay .
0	from the very beginning , our temple
0	lord , you are the hope of israel .
0	lord , if you heal me , i surely will be healed .
0	the people of judah continue to ask me questions .
0	lord , i did not run away from you .
0	please don ’ t make me afraid of you .
0	people are hurting me .
0	this is the message that came to jeremiah from the lord :
0	“ jeremiah , go down to the potter ’ s house . i will give you my message there . ”
0	so i went down to the potter ’ s house and saw him working with clay at the wheel .
0	then this message from the lord came to me :
0	there may come another time when i speak about a nation that i will build up or plant .
0	but if i see that nation doing evil things and not obeying me , i will think again about the good i had planned to do for them .
0	listen to what the lord says :
0	it is as strange as not finding snow on lebanon ’ s mountains
0	but my people have forgotten me .
0	so their land will become an empty desert ,
0	like a strong east wind , i will scatter my people .
0	lord , listen to me !
0	i have done only good to them .
0	so now make their children starve to death !
0	let them cry out in their houses ,
0	lord , you know about their plans to kill me .
0	go out to the valley of ben hinnom , near the front of the potsherd gate . i have a message i want you to announce there .
0	“ jeremiah , tell this to the people , and while they are watching , break the jar .
0	i will do this to these people and to this place . i will make this city like topheth. ’ this message is from the lord .
0	lord , you tricked me , and i certainly was fooled .
0	every time i speak , i shout .
0	sometimes i say to myself , “ i will forget about him .
0	i hear people whispering against me .
0	but the lord is with me .
0	lord all-powerful , you test good people .
0	sing to the lord !
0	curse the day that i was born !
0	curse the man who told my father the news that i was born .
0	let that man be like the cities the lord destroyed .
0	because he did not kill me
0	why did i have to come out of her body ?
0	then jeremiah answered pashhur and zephaniah . he said , “ tell king zedekiah ,
0	i will kill everything living in jerusalem , both people and animals . they will die from a terrible disease that will spread all through the city .
0	“ also tell the people of jerusalem , ‘ this is what the lord says : understand that i will let you choose to live or die .
0	“ say this to judah ’ s royal family : ‘ listen to the message from the lord .
0	family of david , this is what the lord says :
0	“ jerusalem , i am against you .
0	“ you will get the punishment you deserve .
0	the lord said , “ jeremiah , go down to the king ’ s palace . go to the king of judah and tell this message there :
0	this is what the lord says about the palace where the king of judah lives :
0	i will send men to destroy the palace ,
0	don ’ t cry for the king who has died .
0	jehoahaz will die in the place where the egyptians have taken him , and he will not see this land again . ”
0	“ it will be very bad for king jehoiakim .
0	“ jehoiakim , having a lot of cedar in your house
0	josiah helped poor and needy people ,
0	“ jehoiakim , your eyes look only for what benefits yourself .
0	so this is what the lord says to king jehoiakim son of josiah :
0	the people of jerusalem will bury jehoiakim like a donkey .
0	“ judah , go up to the mountains of lebanon and cry out .
0	“ judah , you felt safe , but i warned you .
0	judah , the punishment i give will come like a storm ,
0	“ king , you seem so safe in your palace of cedar .
0	jehoiachin , i will give you to king nebuchadnezzar of babylon and the babylonians . those are the people you are afraid of . they want to kill you .
0	i will throw you and your mother into another country where neither of you was born . you and your mother will die in that country .
0	jehoiachin , you will want to come back to your land , but you will never be allowed to come back . ”
0	jehoiachin is like a broken pot that someone threw away .
0	land , land , land of judah !
0	the lord says , “ write this down about jehoiachin :
0	this message is from the lord :
0	when he rules , judah will be saved ,
0	a message to the prophets :
0	the land of judah is full of people who commit adultery .
0	this message is from the lord :
0	i will stop giving my messages to them .
0	“ i saw the prophets of samaria doing wrong things .
0	i have even seen the prophets of jerusalem doing sinful things .
0	so this is what the lord all-powerful says about those jerusalem prophets :
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	some of the people hate the real messages from the lord ,
0	but none of these prophets has stood in the heavenly council .
0	now the punishment from the lord will come like a storm .
0	the lord ’ s anger will not stop
0	i did not send those prophets ,
0	if they had stood in my heavenly council ,
0	this message is from the lord .
0	someone might try to hide from me in some hiding place .
0	how long will this continue ? they think up lies and then they teach them to the people .
0	yes , the lord says , “ you must treat my message carefully , like a fire or like a hammer that can smash a rock . ”
0	this message is from the lord : “ so i am against the false prophets . they keep stealing my words from each other . ”
0	yes , the lord says , “ i am against the false prophets . they use their own words and pretend that it is a message from me .
0	this is what you will say to one another : ‘ what did the lord answer ? ’ or ‘ what did the lord say ? ’
0	and i will make you a disgrace forever . you will never forget your shame . ’ ”
0	the lord said to me , “ what do you see , jeremiah ? ”
0	then the message from the lord came to me .
0	this is the message that jeremiah the prophet spoke to all the people of judah and all the people of jerusalem :
0	so this is what the lord all-powerful says , “ you have not listened to my messages .
0	that whole area will be an empty desert . all these people will be slaves of the king of babylon for 70 years .
0	so i took the cup of wine from the lord ’ s hand . i went to those nations and i made them drink from the cup .
0	i also made all the arabs and all the kings of the land of uz drink from the cup .
0	then i made the people of edom , moab , and ammon drink from the cup .
0	i made all the kings of tyre and sidon drink from the cup .
0	i made all the kings of arabia drink from the cup . these kings live in the desert .
0	i made all the kings from zimri , elam , and media drink from the cup .
0	“ jeremiah , you will give them this message :
0	the noise spreads to all the people on earth .
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	shepherds , you should be leading the sheep .
0	there will be no place for the shepherds to hide .
0	i hear the shepherds shouting .
0	those peaceful pastures will be ruined
0	he is like an angry lion that has left his cave .
0	this message came from the lord during the first year that jehoiakim son of josiah was king of judah .
0	you will say to them , ‘ this is what the lord says : i gave my teachings to you . you must obey me and follow my teachings .
0	the priests , the prophets , and all the people heard jeremiah say all these words at the lord ’ s temple .
0	as for me , i am in your power . do to me what you think is good and right .
0	then some of the elders stood up and spoke to all the people .
0	but king jehoiakim sent elnathan son of acbor and some other men to egypt .
0	there was an important man named ahikam son of shaphan who supported jeremiah . he kept jeremiah from being killed by the priests and prophets .
0	a message from the lord came to jeremiah . it came during the fourth year that zedekiah son of josiah was king of judah .
0	now i have given all your countries to king nebuchadnezzar of babylon . he is my servant . i will make even the wild animals obey him .
0	but the false prophets are saying , ‘ you will never be slaves to the king of babylon . ’
0	“ but listen to what i have to say to you and to all the people .
0	jeremiah was wearing a yoke around his neck . the prophet hananiah took the yoke from jeremiah ’ s neck and broke it .
0	then the message from the lord came to jeremiah . this happened after hananiah had taken the yoke off jeremiah ’ s neck and had broken it .
0	hananiah died in the seventh month of that same year .
0	this is what the lord all-powerful , the god of the people of israel , says to all the people he sent into captivity from jerusalem to babylon :
0	“ build houses and live in them . settle in the land . plant gardens and eat the food you grow .
0	then you will call my name . you will come to me and pray to me , and i will listen to you .
0	you will search for me , and when you search for me with all your heart , you will find me .
0	you people might say , “ but the lord has given us prophets here in babylon . ”
0	“ you people are captives . i forced you to leave jerusalem and go to babylon . so listen to the message from the lord . ”
0	also give a message to shemaiah from the nehelam family .
0	now jeremiah is acting like a prophet . so why didn ’ t you arrest him ?
0	zephaniah the priest read the letter to jeremiah the prophet .
0	then this message from the lord came to jeremiah :
0	this is the message that came to jeremiah from the lord .
0	the lord spoke this message about the people of israel and judah .
0	this is what the lord said :
0	“ ask this question and consider it :
0	“ this is a very important time for jacob .
0	“ so jacob , my servant , don ’ t be afraid ! ”
0	people of israel and judah , i am with you . ”
0	this is what the lord says :
0	there is no one to care for your sores ,
0	you became friends with many nations ,
0	israel and judah , why are you still crying about your wound ?
0	those nations destroyed you ,
0	and i will bring your health back
0	this is what the lord says :
0	people in those places will sing songs of praise ,
0	jacob ’ s family will be like the family of israel long ago .
0	you will be my people ,
0	the lord was very angry !
0	the lord will be angry until he is through punishing them .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	from far away , the lord
0	israel , my bride , i will rebuild you .
0	you farmers of israel will plant vineyards again .
0	there will be a time when watchmen shout this message :
0	this is what the lord says :
0	remember , i will bring israel
0	they will come back crying ,
0	“ nations , listen to this message from the lord !
0	the lord will bring jacob back .
0	the people of israel will come to the top of zion ,
0	then the young women of israel will be happy and dance .
0	i will give the priests plenty of food .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	but the lord says , “ stop crying .
0	israel , there is hope for you . ”
0	i have heard ephraim crying :
0	i wandered away from you .
0	“ people of israel , repair the road signs .
0	“ people in all the towns of judah will live together in peace . farmers and those who move around with their flocks will live peacefully together in judah .
0	i will give rest and strength to those who are weak and tired . ”
0	after hearing that , i , jeremiah , woke up and looked around . my sleep was very pleasant .
0	“ people will not use this saying anymore :
0	no , people will die for their own sins . those who eat sour grapes will get the sour taste . ”
0	he makes the sun shine in the day ,
0	“ the descendants of israel will never stop being a nation .
0	the lord says , “ i will never reject the descendants of israel .
0	the measuring line will stretch from the corner gate straight to the hill of gareb and then turn to the place named goah .
0	while jeremiah was a prisoner , he said , “ this message from the lord came to me . this was the message :
0	i bought the field at anathoth from my cousin hanamel . i weighed out 17 shekels of silver for him .
0	then i took the sealed copy of the deed , which contained the demands and limits of my purchase , and the copy that was not sealed .
0	with all the people watching , i said to baruch ,
0	after i gave the deed to baruch son of neriah , i prayed to the lord :
0	“ lord god , with your great power you made the earth and the sky . there is nothing too hard for you to do .
0	you used powerful miracles and brought your people israel out of egypt . you used your own powerful hand to do this . your power was amazing !
0	“ you gave the israelites this land that you promised to give to their ancestors long ago . it is a very good land filled with many good things .
0	then this message from the lord came to jeremiah :
0	“ jeremiah , i am the lord . i am the god of every person on the earth . you know that nothing is impossible for me . ”
0	the people of israel and judah will be my people , and i will be their god .
0	while jeremiah was still locked up in the courtyard of the guards , the message from the lord came to him a second time :
0	“ the lord made the earth , and he keeps it safe . the lord is his name . he says ,
0	‘ judah , pray to me , and i will answer you . i will tell you important secrets . you have never heard these things before . ’
0	“ ‘ but then i will heal the people in that city . i will let them enjoy peace and safety .
0	i will make good things happen to judah and israel again and make them strong as in the past .
0	they sinned against me , but i will wash away that sin . they fought against me , but i will forgive them .
0	the lord says , “ someone from david ’ s family will always sit on the throne and rule the family of israel .
0	this message from the lord came to jeremiah .
0	jeremiah received this message from the lord :
0	so jeremiah told all this message to zedekiah in jerusalem .
0	but after that , the people who had slaves changed their minds . so they took the people they had set free and made them slaves again .
0	then this message from the lord came to jeremiah :
0	during the time when jehoiakim , son of king josiah , was king of judah , the lord spoke this message to jeremiah :
0	then i put some bowls full of wine and some cups in front of the recabite family . and i said to them , “ drink some wine . ”
0	so we have obeyed everything our ancestor jonadab commanded us . none of us ever drinks wine , and neither do our wives , sons , or daughters .
0	we never build houses to live in , we never own vineyards or fields , and we never plant crops .
0	we have lived in tents and have obeyed everything our ancestor jonadab commanded us .
0	then this message from the lord came to jeremiah :
0	the descendants of jonadab obeyed the commands that their ancestor gave them , but the people of judah have not obeyed me . ’
0	so the lord all-powerful , the god of israel , says : ‘ there will always be a descendant of jonadab son of recab to serve me . ’ ”
0	then jeremiah said to baruch , “ i can not go to the lord ’ s temple . i am not allowed to go there .
0	a man named micaiah heard all the messages from the lord that baruch read from the scroll . micaiah was the son of gemariah , the son of shaphan .
0	micaiah told them everything he had heard baruch read from the scroll .
0	then the officials said to baruch , “ sit down and read the scroll to us . ”
0	“ yes , ” baruch answered . “ jeremiah spoke , and i wrote down all the messages with ink on this scroll . ”
0	then the royal officials said to baruch , “ you and jeremiah must go and hide . don ’ t tell anyone where you are hiding . ”
0	then the royal officials put the scroll in the room of elishama the scribe . they went to king jehoiakim and told him all about the scroll .
0	elnathan , delaiah , and gemariah tried to talk king jehoiakim out of burning the scroll , but he would not listen to them .
0	king jehoiakim burned the scroll on which baruch had written all the words that jeremiah had spoken to him . then this message from the lord came to jeremiah :
0	“ get another scroll . write all the messages on it that were on the first scroll that king jehoiakim of judah burned .
0	nebuchadnezzar was the king of babylon . he appointed zedekiah son of josiah to be the king of judah in the place of jehoiachin son of jehoiakim .
0	but zedekiah , his servants , and the people of judah did not pay attention to the messages the lord had given to jeremiah the prophet .
0	at that time jeremiah had not yet been put into prison , so he was free to go anywhere he wanted .
0	this message from the lord came to jeremiah the prophet :
0	after that the army from babylon will come back here and attack jerusalem . then they will capture and burn it . ’
0	when the babylonian army left jerusalem to fight the army of the pharaoh of egypt ,
0	jeremiah wanted to travel from jerusalem to the land of benjamin . he wanted to be there for a division of some property that belonged to his family .
0	they put jeremiah into a cell under the house of jonathan . the cell was in a dungeon under the ground . jeremiah was there for a long time .
0	so king zedekiah said to the officials , “ jeremiah is in your control . i can not do anything to stop you . ”
0	the men pulled jeremiah up with the ropes and lifted him out of the cistern . and jeremiah stayed under guard in the temple yard .
0	but if you refuse to surrender to the army of babylon , the lord has shown me what will happen . this is what he has told me :
0	then zedekiah said to jeremiah , “ don ’ t tell anyone that i have been talking to you . if you do , you might die .
0	so jeremiah stayed under guard in the temple yard until the day jerusalem was captured .
0	and on the ninth day of the fourth month in zedekiah ’ s eleventh year , the wall of jerusalem was broken through .
0	there at the town of riblah , the king of babylon killed zedekiah ’ s sons and he killed all the royal officials of judah while zedekiah watched .
0	then nebuchadnezzar tore out zedekiah ’ s eyes . he put bronze chains on zedekiah and took him to babylon .
0	the army of babylon set fire to the king ’ s palace and the houses of the people of jerusalem . and they broke down the walls of jerusalem .
0	but commander nebuzaradan left behind some of the poor people of judah who owned nothing . nebuzaradan gave them vineyards and farmland in judah .
0	nebuchadnezzar also gave an order about jeremiah to commander nebuzaradan :
0	“ find jeremiah and take care of him . don ’ t hurt him . give him whatever he asks for . ”
0	while the guards were watching jeremiah in the temple yard , a message from the lord came to him . this was the message :
0	so jeremiah went to gedaliah son of ahikam at mizpah . he stayed with gedaliah among those who were left behind in the land of judah .
0	ishmael also killed all the men of judah who were with gedaliah at the town of mizpah . he also killed the babylonian soldiers who were there with gedaliah .
0	johanan son of kareah and all the army officers who were with him heard about all the evil things ishmael had done .
0	when the captives that ishmael had taken saw johanan and the army officers , they were very happy .
0	then all the captives who ishmael had taken from the town of mizpah ran to johanan son of kareah .
0	but ishmael and eight of his men escaped from johanan and ran away to the ammonites .
0	jeremiah , pray that the lord your god will tell us where we should go and what we should do . ”
0	at the end of ten days , the message from the lord came to jeremiah .
0	i will be kind to you , and the king of babylon will also treat you with mercy . he will bring you back to your land . ’
0	but you might say , ‘ we will not stay in judah. ’ if you say that , you will disobey the lord your god .
0	“ survivors of judah , the lord told you : ‘ don ’ t go to egypt. ’ i warn you right now ,
0	so jeremiah finished telling the people the message from the lord their god . he told them everything that the lord their god had sent him to tell them .
0	so johanan , the army officers , and all the people disobeyed the lord ’ s command . the lord had commanded them to stay in judah .
0	these people didn ’ t listen to the lord . so they all went to egypt to the town of tahpanhes .
0	in the town of tahpanhes , jeremiah received this message from the lord :
0	“ we will not listen to the message from the lord that you spoke to us .
0	then jeremiah spoke to all the men and women who told him these things .
0	“ this is what the lord , the god of israel , says to you :
0	these messages about different nations came to jeremiah the prophet from the lord .
0	“ get your large and small shields ready .
0	get the horses ready .
0	what do i see ?
0	“ fast men can not run away .
0	who is coming like the nile river ?
0	it is egypt that comes like the rising nile river .
0	horse soldiers , charge into battle .
0	“ but on that day , the lord god all-powerful will win .
0	“ egypt , go to gilead and get some medicine .
0	the nations will hear you crying .
0	this is the message the lord spoke to jeremiah the prophet about nebuchadnezzar coming to attack egypt .
0	“ announce this message in egypt .
0	egypt , your strong soldiers will be killed .
0	they will stumble again and again .
0	in their homelands , those soldiers will say ,
0	this message is from the king .
0	people of egypt , pack your things .
0	“ egypt is like a beautiful cow .
0	the hired soldiers in egypt ’ s army are like fat calves .
0	egypt is like a snake hissing
0	this is what the lord says :
0	egypt will be ashamed .
0	“ jacob , my servant , do not be afraid .
0	this is what the lord says .
0	this is the message from the lord that came to jeremiah the prophet about the philistines . this message came before pharaoh attacked the city of gaza .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	they will hear the sound of running horses ,
0	because the time has come to destroy all the philistines .
0	the people from gaza will be sad and shave their heads .
0	“ sword of the lord , you have not stopped .
0	but how can the sword of the lord rest ?
0	this message is about the country of moab . this is what the lord all-powerful , the god of the people of israel , says :
0	moab will not be praised again .
0	listen to the cries from horonaim .
0	moab will be destroyed .
0	moab ’ s people go up the path to luhith .
0	run away ! run for your lives !
0	“ you trust in the things you made and in your wealth ,
0	the destroyer will come against every town .
0	spread salt over the fields in moab .
0	bad things will happen to those who
0	“ moab has never known trouble .
0	this is what the lord says :
0	“ you can not say , ‘ we are good soldiers .
0	the enemy will attack moab .
0	“ the end of moab is near .
0	all you who live around moab should cry for that country .
0	“ you people living in dibon ,
0	“ you people living in aroer ,
0	“ moab will be ruined and filled with shame .
0	people on the high plain have been punished .
0	judgment has come to the towns
0	judgment has come to the towns
0	judgment has come to the towns
0	moab ’ s strength has been cut off .
0	“ the people of moab thought they were greater than the lord .
0	“ moab , you made fun of israel .
0	people in moab , leave your towns .
0	“ we have heard about moab ’ s pride .
0	the lord says , “ i know moab gets angry quickly and brags about himself ,
0	so i cry for moab .
0	i cry with the people of jazer for jazer .
0	joy and happiness are gone from the large vineyards of moab .
0	the lord says , “ look ! an eagle is diving down from the sky .
0	the towns of moab will be captured .
0	the nation of moab will be destroyed ,
0	this is what the lord says :
0	people will be afraid and run away ,
0	“ people have run from the powerful enemy .
0	it will be bad for you , moab .
0	moab ’ s people will be taken away as captives .
0	this message is about the ammonites . this is what the lord says :
0	the lord says , “ the time will come in rabbah of ammon
0	“ people in heshbon , cry because the town of ai is destroyed !
0	you brag about your strength ,
0	but this is what the lord god all-powerful says :
0	“ the ammonites will be taken away as captives . but the time will come when i will bring the ammonites back. ” this message is from the lord .
0	this message is about edom . this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	you people living in dedan , run away and hide ,
0	“ workers pick grapes from grapevines ,
0	but i will take everything from esau .
0	no one will be left to care for his children .
0	i heard a message from the lord :
0	edom , i will make you become unimportant .
0	edom , you made other nations afraid ,
0	“ edom will be destroyed .
0	edom will be destroyed like sodom and gomorrah and the towns around them .
0	so listen to what the lord has planned to do to the people of edom .
0	at the sound of edom ’ s fall , the earth will shake .
0	just as an eagle flies high to see the animal it will attack ,
0	this message is about the city of damascus :
0	the city of damascus has become weak .
0	“ damascus is a happy city .
0	so the young men will die in the public squares of that city .
0	“ i will set the walls of damascus on fire .
0	this message is about the tribe of kedar and the rulers of hazor . king nebuchadnezzar of babylon defeated them . this is what the lord says :
0	their tents and flocks will be taken away .
0	“ there is a nation that feels so safe and secure
0	“ their camels are there to be taken in battle .
0	“ hazor will become a home for wild dogs , an empty desert forever .
0	early in the time when zedekiah was king of judah , jeremiah the prophet received a message from the lord about the nation of elam .
0	the lord all-powerful says ,
0	i will bring the four winds against elam .
0	i will break elam to pieces while their enemies are watching .
0	i will show elam that i am in control ,
0	“ but in the future i will make good things happen to elam . ”
0	this is the message the lord spoke through the prophet jeremiah about babylon and its people .
0	“ announce this to all nations !
0	a nation from the north will attack babylon .
0	the lord says , “ at that time
0	they will ask how to go to zion .
0	“ my people have been like lost sheep .
0	they were attacked by all who saw them .
0	“ run away from babylon .
0	i will bring many nations together from the north .
0	the enemy will take all the wealth from the chaldeans .
0	“ babylon , you are excited and happy .
0	now your mother will be very ashamed .
0	the lord will show his anger ,
0	“ prepare for war against babylon .
0	soldiers around babylon , shout the cry of victory !
0	don ’ t let the people from babylon plant their crops .
0	“ israel is like a flock of sheep that was scattered all over the country .
0	so this is what the lord all-powerful , the god of israel , says :
0	“ ‘ i will bring israel back to his own fields .
0	the lord says , “ at that time people will try hard to find israel ’ s guilt ,
0	the lord says , “ attack the country of merathaim !
0	“ the noise of battle can be heard all over the country .
0	babylon , i set a trap for you ,
0	the lord has opened up his storeroom
0	“ come against babylon from far away .
0	kill all the young men in babylon .
0	people are running out of babylon .
0	“ call for the archers .
0	babylon ’ s young men will be killed in the streets .
0	“ babylon , you are too proud ,
0	proud babylon will stumble and fall ,
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	but god will get them back .
0	sword , kill the priests of babylon .
0	sword , kill the horses and chariots of babylon .
0	sword , strike the waters of babylon .
0	babylon will never again be filled with people .
0	god completely destroyed sodom and gomorrah
0	“ look ! there are people coming from the north .
0	their armies have bows and spears .
0	the king of babylon heard about those armies ,
0	“ sometimes a lion will come
0	listen to what the lord has planned
0	i will send foreigners to winnow babylon ,
0	the babylonian soldiers will not get to use their bows and arrows .
0	babylon ’ s soldiers will be killed in the land of the chaldeans .
0	the lord all-powerful did not leave israel and judah alone , like a widow .
0	run away from babylon .
0	babylon was like a golden cup in the lord ’ s hand .
0	but babylon will suddenly fall and be broken .
0	we tried to heal babylon ,
0	the lord got even for us .
0	lift up a flag against the walls of babylon .
0	babylon , you live near much water .
0	the lord all-powerful used his name to make this promise :
0	god used his great power and made the earth .
0	when he thunders , the waters in the skies roar .
0	but people are so stupid .
0	those idols are worthless .
0	but god , who is jacob ’ s portion , is not like those worthless statues .
0	the lord says , “ babylon , you are my club .
0	i used you to smash horse and rider .
0	i used you to smash men and women .
0	i used you to smash shepherds and flocks .
0	but i will repay babylonia and all the babylonians for all the evil things they did to zion .
0	people will not take stones from babylon to use as the foundation of a building .
0	“ lift up the war flag in the land !
0	get the nations ready for battle against her .
0	the land shakes and moves as if it is in pain .
0	babylon ’ s soldiers have stopped fighting .
0	one messenger follows another .
0	the places where people cross the rivers have been captured .
0	this is what the lord all-powerful , the god of the people of israel , says :
0	“ king nebuchadnezzar of babylon destroyed us in the past .
0	babylon did terrible things to hurt us .
0	so this is what the lord says :
0	babylon will become a pile of ruined buildings ,
0	“ the people of babylon are like roaring young lions .
0	they are acting like powerful lions .
0	“ babylon will be like sheep , rams , and goats waiting to be killed .
0	“ sheshach will be defeated .
0	the sea will rise over babylon .
0	babylon will be like a dry , desert land .
0	i will punish the false god bel in babylon .
0	come out of the city of babylon , my people .
0	“ don ’ t be sad , my people .
0	the time will surely come when i will punish the false gods of babylon ,
0	then heaven and earth and all that is in them
0	“ babylon killed people from israel .
0	you people escaped the swords .
0	“ we people of judah are ashamed .
0	the lord says , “ the time is coming ,
0	babylon might grow until she touches the sky .
0	“ we can hear people crying in babylon .
0	the lord will destroy babylon very soon .
0	the army will come and destroy babylon .
0	i will make babylon ’ s wise men
0	this is what the lord all-powerful says :
0	jeremiah had written on a scroll all the terrible things that would happen to babylon . he had written all these things about babylon .
0	jeremiah said to seraiah , “ seraiah , go to babylon . be sure to read this message so that all the people can hear you .
0	after you finish reading this scroll , tie a stone to it and throw it into the euphrates river .
0	zedekiah did evil things , just as king jehoiakim had done . the lord did not like zedekiah doing those evil things .
0	terrible things happened to the people of jerusalem and judah because the lord was angry with them . finally , he threw them out of his presence .
0	the city of jerusalem was surrounded by the army of babylon until the eleventh year that zedekiah was king .
0	but the babylonian army chased king zedekiah and caught him on the plains of jericho . all of zedekiah ’ s soldiers ran away .
0	nebuzaradan burned the lord ’ s temple , the king ’ s palace , and every important building in jerusalem , as well as all the houses .
0	all the babylonian soldiers that were with the commander broke down the walls around jerusalem .
0	but nebuzaradan left some of the poorest people behind in the land . he left them to work in the vineyards and the fields .
0	there were 96 pomegranates on the sides of the pillars . all together , there were 100 pomegranates above the net design that went around the pillars .
0	this is how many people nebuchadnezzar carried into captivity :
0	in nebuchadnezzar ’ s 18th year as king of babylon , 832 people were taken from jerusalem .
0	in nebuchadnezzar ’ s 23rd year as king , nebuzaradan took 745 people of judah into captivity . nebuzaradan was the commander of the king ’ s special guards .
0	evil merodach spoke kindly to jehoiachin . he gave jehoiachin a place of honor higher than the other kings who were with him in babylon .
0	so jehoiachin took his prison clothes off . for the rest of his life , he ate regularly at the king ’ s table .
0	every day the king of babylon paid jehoiachin enough to take care of his needs until the day jehoiachin died .
0	job had seven sons and three daughters .
0	he owned 7000 sheep , 3000 camels , 1000 oxen , and 500 female donkeys . he had many servants . he was the richest man in the east .
0	job ’ s sons took turns having dinner parties in their homes , and they invited their sisters .
0	then the day came for the angels to meet with the lord . even satan was there with them .
0	the lord said to satan , “ where have you been ? ”
0	satan answered the lord , “ but job has a good reason to respect you .
0	but if you were to destroy everything he has , i promise you that he would curse you to your face . ”
0	the lord said to satan , “ all right , do whatever you want with anything that he has , but don ’ t hurt job himself . ”
0	one day job ’ s sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine at the oldest brother ’ s house .
0	a messenger came to job and said , “ we were plowing the fields with the oxen and the donkeys were eating grass nearby ,
0	even after all this , job did not sin . he did not accuse god of doing anything wrong .
0	then another day came for the angels to meet with the lord . satan joined them for this meeting with the lord .
0	the lord said to satan , “ where have you been ? ”
0	satan answered , “ skin for skin ! a man will give everything he has to protect himself .
0	i swear , if you attack his flesh and bones , he will curse you to your face ! ”
0	so the lord said to satan , “ all right , job is in your hands , but you are not allowed to kill him . ”
0	job sat on the pile of ashes where he was mourning and used a piece of broken pottery to scrape his sores .
0	his wife said to him , “ are you still holding on to your faith ? why don ’ t you just curse god and die ! ”
0	then job opened his mouth and cursed the day he was born .
0	“ i wish the day i was born would be lost forever .
0	i wish that day had remained dark .
0	i wish that bitter day had remained as dark as death ,
0	i wish the darkness had carried away that night ,
0	i wish that night had produced nothing
0	some magicians think they can wake leviathan .
0	let that day ’ s morning star be dark .
0	i wish it had stopped me from being born
0	why didn ’ t i die when i was born ?
0	why did my mother hold me on her knees ?
0	if i had died when i was born ,
0	with the kings and their advisors
0	i wish i were buried with rulers
0	why wasn ’ t i a child who died at birth
0	there the wicked stop causing trouble ,
0	even prisoners find relief there ;
0	everyone—from the greatest to the least important—will be there ,
0	“ why must a suffering person continue to live ?
0	such people want to die , but death does not come .
0	they would be happy to find their grave .
0	but god keeps their future a secret
0	when it is time to eat , all i can do is sigh with sadness , not joy .
0	i was afraid something terrible would happen ,
0	i can not calm down or relax .
0	eliphaz from teman answered :
0	“ i must say something .
0	job , you have taught many people .
0	your words helped those who were ready to fall .
0	but now trouble comes to you ,
0	can you think of any innocent person who was ever destroyed ?
0	yes , i have seen people whose lives were cut short ,
0	they lost the breath god gave them .
0	they were like roaring lions ,
0	like a lioness that can not find prey .
0	“ i happened to hear a message .
0	like a bad dream in the night ,
0	a spirit passed by my face .
0	the spirit stood still ,
0	‘ a person can not be more right than god .
0	look , god can not even trust his heavenly servants .
0	so surely people are worse !
0	from dawn to sunset people are destroyed .
0	the ropes of their tent are pulled up ,
0	“ job , call out if you want , and see if anyone answers !
0	a fool ’ s anger will kill him .
0	i saw a fool who thought he was safe ,
0	there was no one to help his children .
0	hungry people ate all his crops ,
0	bad times don ’ t come up from the dirt .
0	but people are born to have trouble ,
0	if i were you , i would turn to god
0	people can not understand the wonderful things god does .
0	he sends rain all over the earth
0	he raises up the humble
0	he spoils the plans of even the smartest people
0	he catches those who think they are wise in their own clever traps
0	daylight will be like darkness for them .
0	god saves the poor from the hurtful words of the wicked .
0	so the poor have hope ;
0	“ you are fortunate when god corrects you .
0	god might injure you , but he will bandage those wounds .
0	he will save you again and again .
0	god will save you from death
0	people might say bad things about you with their sharp tongues .
0	you will laugh at destruction and famine .
0	it is as if you have a peace treaty
0	you will live in peace because your tent is safe .
0	you will have many children .
0	you will be like the wheat that grows until harvest time .
0	“ we have studied this and know it is true .
0	“ i wish my suffering could be weighed
0	they would be heavier than all the sand of the sea !
0	god all-powerful has shot me with his arrows .
0	even a wild donkey does not complain when it has grass to eat .
0	food without salt does not taste good ,
0	i refuse to touch that kind of food ;
0	“ i wish i could have what i ask for .
0	i wish he would crush me—
0	then i would be comforted by this one thing :
0	“ with my strength gone , i have no hope to go on living .
0	i am not strong like a rock .
0	i don ’ t have the power to help myself ,
0	“ friends should be loyal to you in times of trouble ,
0	but i can not depend on you , my brothers .
0	in the winter , it is choked with ice and melting snow .
0	but when the weather is hot and dry ,
0	it twists and turns along the way
0	traders from tema search for it .
0	they are sure they can find water ,
0	now , you are like those streams .
0	but have i ever asked you to help me ?
0	no , and i never said , ‘ save me from my enemies ! ’
0	“ so now , teach me , and i will be quiet .
0	honest words are powerful ,
0	do you plan to criticize me ?
0	are you the kind of people
0	now , look me in the face ,
0	you need to start over and stop being so unfair !
0	i am not lying .
0	“ people have a hard struggle on earth .
0	they are like a slave looking for cool shade
0	month after frustrating month has gone by .
0	when i lie down , i think ,
0	my skin is covered with worms and scabs .
0	“ my days pass by faster than a weaver ’ s shuttle ,
0	god , remember , my life is like a breath .
0	those who see me now will never see me again .
0	just as clouds that come and go ,
0	they don ’ t come back to their old homes .
0	“ so i will not be quiet !
0	am i one of your enemies ?
0	my bed should bring me comfort .
0	but when i lie down , you scare me with dreams ;
0	so i would rather be choked to death
0	i hate my life—i give up .
0	god , why are people so important to you ?
0	why do you visit them every morning
0	you never look away from me
0	you are always watching us !
0	why don ’ t you just pardon me for doing wrong ?
0	then bildad from shuah answered :
0	“ how long will you talk like that ?
0	god is always fair .
0	if your children sinned against god , he punished them .
0	but now , look to god
0	if you are pure and good ,
0	then you will have a lot more
0	“ ask those who are now old .
0	it seems as though we were born yesterday .
0	maybe the old people can tell you something .
0	“ can papyrus grow tall on a dry land ?
0	no , they will dry up before harvest .
0	people who forget god are like that .
0	they have put their trust in something weak .
0	when they lean against it ,
0	such people are like a vine that gets plenty of water and sunshine ,
0	its roots spread among the rocks ,
0	but if you move it , it will die ,
0	everything might have been going well ,
0	god does not support evil people ,
0	so perhaps you might laugh again .
0	maybe your enemies will be humiliated
0	“ of course , i know that this is true .
0	anyone who chose to argue with him
0	god is so wise and powerful that
0	when god is angry , he moves mountains before they know what happened .
0	he can shake the earth ,
0	with one command he can stop the sun from rising .
0	he alone made the skies ,
0	“ god made the bear , orion , and the pleiades .
0	he does things too marvelous for people to understand .
0	when he passes by , i can not see him .
0	if he takes something away , no one can stop him .
0	god will not hold back his anger .
0	so i can not argue with god .
0	i am innocent , but i can not give him an answer .
0	even if i called and he answered ,
0	he would just send storms to crush me .
0	he would not let me catch my breath again .
0	i can not defeat god .
0	i am innocent , but anything i say makes me seem guilty .
0	i am innocent , but i don ’ t know what to think .
0	so i say , ‘ does it make any difference ?
0	is it god who laughs when a disaster kills innocent people ?
0	is it god who keeps the leaders from seeing when an evil person takes control ?
0	“ my days are passing faster than a runner .
0	they go by as quickly as papyrus boats ,
0	“ i could say , ‘ i will not complain .
0	but the suffering still frightens me .
0	i will be found guilty ,
0	even if i scrubbed my hands with soap
0	god would still push me into the slime pit ,
0	god is not a human like me , so i can not argue with him .
0	i wish there were someone who could listen to both sides ,
0	i wish someone could take away the threat of god ’ s punishment .
0	then i could say what i want without being afraid of him .
0	“ i hate my own life , so i will complain freely .
0	i will say to god , ‘ don ’ t just say i am guilty !
0	do you enjoy hurting me ?
0	do you have human eyes ?
0	is your life as short as ours ?
0	you look for my wrong
0	you know i am innocent ,
0	your hands made me and shaped my body .
0	remember , you molded me like clay .
0	you poured me out like milk .
0	you put me together with bones and muscles ,
0	you gave me life and were very kind to me .
0	but this is what you hid in your heart .
0	if i sinned , you would be watching me
0	if i sin , i am guilty
0	if i have any success and feel proud ,
0	you bring witness after witness
0	so why did you let me be born ?
0	i wish i had never lived .
0	my life is almost finished .
0	i am going soon to the land of no return ,
0	that land of darkest night , of shadows and confusion ,
0	then zophar from naamah answered job and said ,
0	“ this flood of words should be answered !
0	do you think we don ’ t have
0	you say to god ,
0	i wish god would answer you
0	he could tell you the secret of wisdom .
0	“ do you think you really understand god ?
0	that knowledge is higher than the heavens
0	it is greater than the earth
0	“ if god decides to arrest you and take you to court ,
0	god knows who is worthless .
0	a wild donkey can not give birth to a man ,
0	prepare your heart to serve only god .
0	put away the sin that you still hold on to .
0	if you will do that , you could look to god without shame .
0	then you can forget your troubles ,
0	your life will be brighter than the sunshine at noon .
0	you will feel safe because there is hope .
0	you will lie down without fear of anyone .
0	evil people might look for help ,
0	then job answered them :
0	“ i ’ m sure you think you are
0	but my mind is as good as yours .
0	“ my friends laugh at me now .
0	those who have no troubles make fun of those who do .
0	but robbers ’ tents are not bothered .
0	“ but ask the animals , and they will teach you .
0	or speak to the earth , and it will teach you .
0	every animal that lives and everyone who breathes—
0	but just as the tongue tastes food ,
0	people say , ‘ wisdom is to be found in those who are old .
0	but wisdom and power belong to god .
0	anything god tears down can not be rebuilt .
0	if he holds back the rain , the earth will dry up .
0	god is strong and always wins .
0	he strips advisors of their wisdom
0	he strips kings of their authority
0	he strips priests of their power
0	he makes trusted advisors be silent .
0	he brings disgrace to important people .
0	he exposes even the darkest secrets .
0	god makes nations great ,
0	he makes their leaders foolish .
0	they are like someone feeling their way in the dark .
0	“ i have seen all this before .
0	i know as much as you do .
0	but i don ’ t want to argue with you .
0	but you men try to cover up your ignorance with lies .
0	i wish you would just be quiet .
0	“ now , listen to my argument .
0	will you speak lies for god ?
0	are you trying to defend god against me ?
0	if god checked you very closely ,
0	you know that god would criticize you
0	god ’ s majesty frightens you .
0	the wise sayings you quote are worthless .
0	“ be quiet and let me talk !
0	i will put myself in danger
0	i will continue to trust god even if he kills me .
0	and if he lets me live , it will be because i had the confidence to speak .
0	listen carefully to what i say .
0	i am ready now to defend myself .
0	if anyone can prove i am wrong ,
0	“ god , just give me two things ,
0	then call to me , and i will answer you .
0	how many sins have i committed ?
0	god , why do you avoid me
0	are you trying to scare me ?
0	you have a list of terrible charges against me .
0	you have put chains on my feet .
0	so i am becoming weaker and weaker ,
0	“ we are all human beings .
0	our life is like a flower that grows quickly and then dies away .
0	god , do you need to keep an eye on something so small ?
0	“ no one can make something clean from something so dirty .
0	the length of our life has been decided .
0	so stop watching us ; leave us alone ,
0	“ there is always hope for a tree .
0	its roots might grow old in the ground
0	but with water , it will grow again .
0	but when a man dies ,
0	like a lake that goes dry
0	so people lose their lives ,
0	“ i wish you would hide me in my grave .
0	if a man dies , will he live again ?
0	god , you would call me ,
0	you would still watch every step i take ,
0	it would be as if you had sealed my sins in a bag .
0	“ mountains fall and crumble away .
0	water flowing over stones wears them down .
0	if their sons are honored , they will never know it .
0	they only feel the pain in their bodies ,
0	then eliphaz from teman answered job :
0	“ if you were really wise ,
0	do you think a wise man would use empty words
0	if you had your way ,
0	what you say clearly shows your sin .
0	i don ’ t need to prove to you that you are wrong .
0	“ do you think you were the first person ever to be born ?
0	did you listen to god ’ s secret plans ?
0	we know as much as you do !
0	the old , gray-haired men agree with us .
0	god tries to comfort you , but that is not enough for you .
0	why will you not understand ?
0	you are expressing your anger against god
0	“ people can not really be pure .
0	god does not even trust his angels .
0	people are even worse .
0	“ listen to me , and i will explain it to you .
0	i will tell you what wise men would say ,
0	these are important people in our country !
0	and they said that an evil man suffers all his life .
0	every noise scares him .
0	an evil man has no hope of escaping the darkness .
0	he wanders from place to place , looking for food .
0	he lives in fear , with worry and suffering threatening him
0	that is because that evil man shook his fist at god , refusing to obey .
0	like a soldier with a thick , strong shield
0	he might be rich and fat ,
0	but his town will be ruined ;
0	he will not be rich for long .
0	he will not escape the darkness .
0	that evil man should not fool himself by trusting in worthless things ,
0	he will die before his time ,
0	he will be like a vine that loses its grapes before they ripen .
0	that is because people without god have nothing .
0	they are always thinking of ways to do evil and cause trouble .
0	“ i have heard all these things before .
0	your long speeches never end !
0	i also could say the same things you say ,
0	but i would say things to encourage you
0	“ nothing i say makes my pain go away .
0	god , you surely took away my strength .
0	you have made me thin and weak ,
0	“ god attacks me ;
0	people have crowded around me .
0	god has given me to evil people .
0	i was enjoying a quiet , peaceful life ,
0	with his archers all around me ,
0	again and again he attacks me .
0	“ i am very sad , so i wear this sackcloth .
0	my face is red from crying .
0	i was never cruel to anyone ,
0	“ earth , don ’ t hide the wrong things that were done to me .
0	even now there is someone in heaven who will speak for me .
0	my friend speaks for me ,
0	he speaks to god for me ,
0	“ in only a few years
0	my spirit is broken ;
0	people stand around me and laugh at me .
0	“ god , give me some support .
0	you have closed my friends ’ minds ,
0	you know what people say :
0	god has made my name a bad word to everyone .
0	my eyes are almost blind from my grief .
0	good people wonder how this could happen .
0	but those who do right will continue to do what is right .
0	“ but come on , all of you , and try to prove me wrong .
0	my life is passing away , and my plans are destroyed .
0	“ i might hope for the grave to be my new home .
0	i might say to the grave , ‘ you are my father , ’
0	but you can ’ t really call that hope , can you ?
0	will hope go down with me to the place of death ?
0	then bildad from shuah answered :
0	“ when will you stop talking ?
0	why do you think we are stupid ,
0	your anger is hurting no one but you .
0	“ yes , the light of those who are evil will go out .
0	the light in their houses will become dark .
0	their steps , once strong and fast , become weak .
0	their own feet lead them into a net .
0	a trap catches them by the heel ,
0	a rope is hidden on the ground to trip them .
0	on every side terrors frighten them .
0	disaster is hungry for them .
0	diseases will eat away their skin .
0	they will be taken away from the safety of their tents
0	nothing will be left in their tents ,
0	their roots below will dry up ,
0	people on earth will not remember them .
0	they will be forced from light into darkness .
0	they will leave behind no children , no descendants .
0	people in the west will be shocked at what happened to them .
0	this is what will happen to the homes of those who are evil .
0	“ how long will you hurt me
0	you have insulted me ten times now .
0	even if i have sinned ,
0	you want me to look bad to make yourselves look good .
0	i want you to know it was god who did this .
0	i shout , ‘ he hurt me ! ’ but get no answer .
0	god has blocked my way to keep me from getting through .
0	he took away my honor .
0	he hits me on every side until i am worn out .
0	his anger burns against me .
0	he sends his army to attack me .
0	“ god has made my brothers hate me .
0	my relatives have left me .
0	my servant girls and visitors in my home
0	i call for my servant , but he does not answer .
0	my wife hates the smell of my breath .
0	even little children make fun of me .
0	all my close friends hate me .
0	“ i am so thin , my skin hangs loose on my bones .
0	“ pity me , my friends , pity me ,
0	why do you persecute me as god does ?
0	“ i wish someone would write down everything i say .
0	i wish they were carved with an iron tool into lead
0	i know that there is someone to defend me and that he lives !
0	after i leave my body and my skin has been destroyed ,
0	i will see him with my own eyes .
0	“ maybe you will say , ‘ how can we push job a little harder
0	but you need to worry about your own punishment .
0	then zophar from naamah answered :
0	“ you upset me , so i must answer you .
0	you insulted me with your answers !
0	“ you know that the joy of the wicked does not last long .
0	maybe an evil man ’ s pride will reach up to the sky ,
0	but he will be gone forever like his own body waste .
0	like a dream , he will fly away , never to be found .
0	those who knew him before will not see him again .
0	his children will have to give back what he took from the poor .
0	when he was young , his bones were strong ,
0	“ evil tastes sweet in his mouth .
0	he hates to let it go
0	but that evil will turn sour in his stomach .
0	the evil man will spit out the riches he has swallowed .
0	what he drank will be like a snake ’ s poison ;
0	he will never again enjoy so much wealth—
0	he will be forced to give back his profits .
0	because he hurt the poor and left them with nothing .
0	“ the evil man is never satisfied .
0	after filling himself , there is nothing left .
0	even while he has plenty , he will be pressed down with trouble .
0	if he does get all he wants ,
0	maybe he will run away from an iron sword ,
0	it will go through his body
0	all his treasures will be lost in darkness .
0	heaven will prove that he is guilty .
0	his house and everything in it will be carried away
0	that is what god will do to those who are evil .
0	“ listen to what i say .
0	be patient while i speak .
0	“ my complaint is not against people .
0	look at me and be shocked .
0	when i think about what happened to me ,
0	why do evil people live long lives ?
0	they watch their children grow up
0	their homes are safe and free from fear .
0	their bulls never fail to mate .
0	they send their children out to play like lambs .
0	they sing and dance to the sound of harps and flutes .
0	evil people enjoy success during their lives
0	they say to god , ‘ leave us alone !
0	and they say , ‘ who is god all-powerful ?
0	“ of course , evil people don ’ t make their own success .
0	but how often does god blow out their light ?
0	does god blow them away , as the wind blows straw
0	but you say , ‘ god is saving their punishment for their children . ’
0	let them see their own punishment .
0	when their life is finished and they are dead ,
0	“ no one can teach god anything he doesn ’ t already know .
0	one person dies after living a full and successful life ,
0	with a body that was well fed
0	but another person dies after a hard life that has made them bitter ,
0	in the end , both of these people will lie together in the dirt .
0	“ but i know what you are thinking ,
0	you might say , ‘ show me a good man ’ s house .
0	“ surely you have talked with travelers .
0	evil people are spared when disaster comes .
0	no one criticizes them to their faces for how they lived .
0	when they are carried to the grave ,
0	so even the soil in the valley will be pleasant for them ,
0	“ so your empty words are no comfort to me .
0	then eliphaz from teman answered :
0	“ does god need our help ?
0	does your living right benefit him ?
0	why does god blame and punish you ?
0	no , it is because you sin so much .
0	maybe to guarantee loans you took things from people for no reason .
0	maybe you failed to give water or food
0	you have a lot of farmland ,
0	but maybe you sent widows away without giving them anything .
0	that is why traps are all around you ,
0	that is why it is so dark you can not see ,
0	“ god lives in the highest part of heaven
0	but you might say , ‘ what does god know ?
0	thick clouds hide us from his eyes ,
0	“ job , you are walking on the old path
0	they were destroyed before it was their time to die .
0	they told god , ‘ leave us alone ! ’
0	and it was god who filled their houses with good things .
0	those who do what is right are happy to see them destroyed .
0	‘ surely our enemies are destroyed !
0	“ now , job , give yourself to god and make peace with him .
0	if you return to god all-powerful , you will be restored .
0	think of your gold as nothing but dirt .
0	and let god all-powerful be your gold .
0	then you will enjoy god all-powerful ,
0	when you pray , he will hear you .
0	if you decide to do something , it will be successful .
0	when people are brought down and you ask god to help them ,
0	even those who are guilty will be forgiven .
0	“ i am still complaining today .
0	i wish i knew where to find him .
0	i would present my case to him .
0	he could give his response , and i would understand .
0	would god use his power against me ?
0	since i am an honest man , he would let me tell my story .
0	“ if i go to the east , god is not there .
0	when he is working in the north , i don ’ t see him .
0	but god knows me .
0	i have always lived the way god wants .
0	i always obey his commands .
0	“ but god never changes ,
0	he will do to me what he planned ,
0	that is why i am terrified to stand before him .
0	the fear of god has made me lose my courage .
0	what has happened to me is like a dark cloud over my face .
0	“ why doesn ’ t god all-powerful set times for judgment ?
0	“ people move property markers to get more of their neighbor ’ s land .
0	they steal a donkey that belongs to an orphan .
0	they take a nursing baby from its mother .
0	they force the poor to move out of their way
0	“ the poor are like wild donkeys that go out to the desert to find food .
0	they have to work in the fields , harvesting grain .
0	they must sleep all night without clothes .
0	they are soaked with rain in the mountains .
0	they have no clothes , so they work naked .
0	they press out olive oil
0	in the city you can hear the sad sounds of dying people .
0	“ some people rebel against the light .
0	a murderer gets up at dawn and kills poor , helpless people .
0	a man who commits adultery waits for the night to come .
0	when it is dark , evil people go out and break into houses .
0	the darkest night is their morning .
0	“ you say , ‘ evil people are taken away like things carried away in a flood .
0	as hot , dry weather melts away the winter snows ,
0	their own mothers will forget them .
0	these evil people hurt women who have no children to protect them ,
0	by his power god removes the powerful .
0	they might feel safe and secure ,
0	they might be successful for a while , but then they will be gone .
0	“ i swear these things are true !
0	then bildad from shuah answered :
0	“ god is the ruler .
0	no one can count his stars .
0	how can anyone claim to be right before god ?
0	in god ’ s eyes even the moon is not pure and bright ;
0	people are much less pure .
0	“ bildad , what a great help you are to this tired , weary man !
0	you have given such wonderful advice to this foolish man !
0	who helped you say these things ?
0	“ the ghosts and their neighbors
0	but god can see clearly into that place of death .
0	god stretched the northern sky over empty space .
0	he fills the thick clouds with water .
0	he covers the face of the full moon .
0	he drew the horizon on the ocean ,
0	the foundations that hold up the sky
0	with his own power god calmed the sea .
0	his breath made the skies clear .
0	these are only a few of the amazing things god has done .
0	job continued his answer :
0	“ god all-powerful has been unfair to me ;
0	as long as i have life in me ,
0	i will not be a hypocrite .
0	you will never hear me say you men are right !
0	i will hold on to my innocence and never let go !
0	may my enemies be punished like those who are evil .
0	what hope do people without god have when it is time to die ,
0	when they have troubles and cry out for help ,
0	it will be too late for them to enjoy talking with god all-powerful .
0	“ i will teach you about god ’ s power .
0	but you have seen it all with your own eyes .
0	“ here is what god has planned for those who are evil .
0	they may have many children , but all of them will be killed in war .
0	all those who are left will die ,
0	evil people collect silver as easily as dirt .
0	but their piles of clothes will be worn by those who have lived right .
0	evil people might build houses , but they will not last long .
0	they might be rich when they go to bed ,
0	terrible fears will come over them like a flood ,
0	the east wind will carry them away , and they will be gone .
0	they may try to run away from the power of the storm ,
0	it will make a sound like clapping hands as they run away .
0	“ there are mines where people get silver
0	iron is dug out of the ground ,
0	miners carry lights deep into caves
0	far from where people live , they dig deep into the ground ,
0	food grows on the ground above .
0	in the rocks there are sapphires
0	wild birds know nothing about the way to these places .
0	wild animals have never been there .
0	miners dig the hardest rocks .
0	they cut tunnels through the rocks
0	they even find places where rivers begin .
0	“ but where can anyone find wisdom ?
0	people don ’ t know where wisdom is .
0	the deep ocean says , ‘ it ’ s not here with me . ’
0	you can not buy wisdom with even the purest gold .
0	you can not buy it with gold from ophir
0	wisdom is worth more than gold or crystal .
0	it is far more valuable than coral and jasper ,
0	the topaz from ethiopia can not match its value ,
0	“ so where does wisdom come from ?
0	wisdom is hidden from every living thing on earth .
0	death and destruction say ,
0	“ only god knows the way to wisdom .
0	he can see to the very ends of the earth .
0	god gave the wind its power .
0	he decided where to send the rain
0	he looked at wisdom and discussed it .
0	then he said to humans ,
0	job continued to speak :
0	“ i wish my life could be the same as it was a few months ago ,
0	god ’ s light shined above me ,
0	i wish for the days when i was successful ,
0	god all-powerful was still with me then ,
0	life was so good that i washed my feet in cream
0	“ those were the days when i went to the city gate
0	when the young men saw me coming , they stepped out of my way .
0	the leaders of the people stopped talking
0	even the most important leaders were quiet ,
0	all who heard me said good things about me .
0	because i helped the poor when they cried out .
0	people who were dying asked god to bless me .
0	right living was my clothing .
0	i was like eyes for the blind ,
0	i was like a father to the poor .
0	i stopped evil people from abusing their power
0	“ i always thought i would live a long life ,
0	i was like a healthy plant with roots that have plenty of water
0	i thought each new day would bring more honor
0	“ in the past people listened to me .
0	when i finished speaking , they had nothing more to say .
0	they waited for my words as they would for rain .
0	i smiled at them , and they could hardly believe it .
0	i was their leader and made decisions about their future .
0	“ but now men younger than i make fun of me—
0	their fathers are still too weak to be of any use to me .
0	they are starving with nothing to eat ,
0	they pull up salt plants in the desert
0	they are forced away from other people ,
0	they must live in the dry riverbeds ,
0	they howl in the bushes
0	they are a bunch of worthless people without names ,
0	“ now their sons sing songs to make fun of me .
0	they hate me and stay far away from me ,
0	god has taken the string from my bow and made me weak ,
0	they attack me on my right side .
0	they guard the road so that i can not escape .
0	they break a hole in the wall and come rushing through it ,
0	i am shaking with fear .
0	“ now my life is almost gone , and soon i will die .
0	all my bones ache at night .
0	god grabbed the collar of my coat
0	he threw me into the mud ,
0	“ god , i cry out to you for help , but you don ’ t answer .
0	you have become cruel to me ;
0	you let the strong wind blow me away .
0	i know you will lead me to my death ,
0	“ surely no one would attack a man who is already ruined ,
0	god , you know that i cried for those who were in trouble .
0	but when i hoped for good , trouble came instead .
0	i constantly feel upset .
0	i am always sad and depressed , without any relief .
0	making sad sounds like the wild dogs ,
0	my skin is burned and peeling away .
0	my harp is tuned to play songs of sorrow .
0	“ i made an agreement with my eyes
0	what does god above have for us ?
0	he sends trouble to the wicked
0	god is the one who knows what i do
0	“ i have not lied to anyone .
0	if god would use accurate scales ,
0	if i ever stepped off the right path ,
0	then let others eat what i planted .
0	“ if i have desired another woman
0	then let my wife serve someone else ,
0	to do such a thing would be shameful ,
0	such sin is like a fire that burns until it destroys everything .
0	“ if i refused to be fair to my slaves
0	then what will i do when i must face god ?
0	the one who made me in my mother ’ s womb also made them .
0	“ i have never refused to help the poor .
0	i have never been selfish with my food .
0	all my life i have been like a father to orphans
0	whenever i found people suffering because they didn ’ t have clothes
0	i always gave them something to wear .
0	i never threatened an orphan ,
0	if i ever did that , may my arm be pulled from its socket
0	but i didn ’ t do any of these bad things .
0	“ i have never trusted in riches .
0	i have been wealthy ,
0	i have never worshiped the bright sun
0	i was never foolish enough
0	this is also a sin that must be punished .
0	“ i have never been happy
0	i have never let my mouth sin by cursing my enemies
0	the people in my house know that
0	i always invited strangers into my home
0	i have not tried to hide my sins as some people do .
0	i was never so afraid of what people might say or of making enemies
0	“ how i wish someone would listen to me !
0	i would wear it around my neck .
0	then i could explain everything i have done .
0	“ i did not use my land in a wrong way .
0	i always paid the workers for the food i got from the land .
0	if i ever did any of these bad things ,
0	then job ’ s three friends gave up trying to answer him , because he was so sure that he was innocent .
0	elihu was also angry with job ’ s three friends because they could not answer him , and yet they still considered him guilty of doing wrong .
0	elihu was the youngest one there , so he had waited until everyone finished talking .
0	but when he saw that job ’ s three friends had nothing more to say , his anger forced him to speak .
0	so here ’ s what elihu son of barakel the buzite said :
0	i thought to myself , ‘ older people should speak first .
0	but it is the spirit in people , the breath from god all-powerful ,
0	old men are not the only wise people .
0	“ so please listen to me ,
0	i waited patiently while you men talked .
0	i listened carefully to what you said .
0	you men can not say that you have found wisdom .
0	job was arguing with you , not me ,
0	“ job , these men lost the argument .
0	i waited for them to answer you .
0	so now i will give you my answer .
0	i have so much to say
0	i feel like a jar of wine that has never been opened .
0	i must speak so that i will feel better .
0	i will treat you the same as i would treat anyone else .
0	i can not treat one person better than another .
0	“ now , job , listen to me .
0	i am ready to speak .
0	my heart is honest , so my words are sincere .
0	god ’ s spirit made me .
0	listen to me and answer if you can .
0	you and i are the same before god .
0	don ’ t be afraid of me .
0	“ but , job , i heard what you said .
0	‘ i am pure and innocent ;
0	but god found an excuse to attack me .
0	he put chains on my feet
0	“ but you are wrong about this , and i will prove it to you .
0	you are arguing with god !
0	but maybe god does explain what he does
0	he may speak in a dream , or in a vision at night ,
0	he may whisper something in their ear ,
0	god warns people to stop them from doing wrong
0	he does this to save them from death .
0	“ or those who are sick in bed might be suffering punishment from god .
0	they feel so bad they can not eat .
0	their bodies might waste away until they become thin
0	they might be close to death ,
0	but maybe one of god ’ s thousands of angels is watching over them ,
0	maybe the angel will be kind and say to god ,
0	then that person ’ s body will become young and strong again .
0	he will pray and god will answer .
0	he will tell everyone , ‘ i sinned .
0	god saved me from going down to the place of death .
0	“ god does all these things for people again and again .
0	he wants them to be saved from death
0	“ job , pay attention and listen to me .
0	but if you have an answer , go ahead and speak .
0	but if you have nothing to say , then listen to me .
0	then elihu continued his speech :
0	“ listen to what i say , you wise men .
0	your tongue tastes the food it touches ,
0	so let us test these arguments and decide for ourselves what is right .
0	job says , ‘ i am innocent ,
0	i am right , but i am judged to be a liar .
0	“ would anyone but job say such things ?
0	he is a friend of evil people .
0	i know this because he says ,
0	“ you men can understand , so listen to me .
0	he pays us back for what we have done .
0	the truth is that god does no wrong .
0	no one chose god to be in charge of the earth .
0	if god decided to take away his spirit
0	then everything on earth would die .
0	“ if you men are wise ,
0	can someone be a ruler if he hates justice ?
0	god is the one who says to kings , ‘ you are worthless ! ’
0	he does not respect leaders more than other people .
0	any of us can die suddenly , in the middle of the night .
0	“ god watches what people do .
0	there is no place dark enough
0	god does not need to set a time
0	he does not have to ask questions when people do wrong ,
0	when he learns what people have done ,
0	he will punish them for the evil they have done ,
0	he will do this because they rebelled against him
0	they hurt the poor and made them cry to god for help .
0	but if god decides not to help them ,
0	he keeps the wicked from ruling
0	“ a person should say to god ,
0	show me the sins i am not able to see .
0	job , you want god to reward you ,
0	a wise person would listen to me .
0	‘ job talks like an ignorant person .
0	i think job should be punished even more ,
0	he adds rebellion to his other sins .
0	elihu continued talking and said ,
0	“ job , it is not fair for you to say ,
0	because you also ask him ,
0	“ job , i want to answer you and your friends here with you .
0	look up at the sky .
0	if you sin , it does not hurt god .
0	and if you are good , that does not help god .
0	job , the good and bad things you do
0	“ if people are being hurt , they cry out
0	but they forget to say , ‘ where is god , the one who made me ?
0	he is the one who makes us smarter than any animal on earth
0	“ or if evil people ask god for help , he will not answer them ,
0	god will not listen to their worthless begging .
0	so , job , god will not listen to you
0	“ job thinks that god does not punish evil
0	so he continues his worthless talking .
0	elihu continued talking and said ,
0	“ be patient with me a little longer .
0	i will share my knowledge with everyone .
0	job , i am telling the truth .
0	“ god is very powerful , but he does not hate people .
0	he will not let evil people live .
0	he watches over those who live right .
0	so if people are punished ,
0	and god will tell them what they did ,
0	he will force them to listen to his warning .
0	if they serve and obey him , he will make them successful
0	but if they refuse to obey him , they will be destroyed .
0	“ people who don ’ t care about god are always bitter .
0	they will die while they are still young ,
0	god saves those who suffer by using their suffering .
0	“ in fact , god wants to help you out of your troubles .
0	but you are full of this talk about guilt , judgment , and justice !
0	job , don ’ t let your anger fill you with doubt about god .
0	do you think your wealth will keep you out of trouble ?
0	don ’ t be like those who wish darkness would come and hide them .
0	job , don ’ t let your suffering cause you to choose evil .
0	“ look , god ’ s power makes him great !
0	no one can tell him what to do .
0	remember to praise him for what he has done ,
0	everyone can see what he has done ,
0	yes , god is great , but we can not understand his greatness .
0	“ god takes up water from the earth
0	so the clouds pour out the water ,
0	no one can understand how he spreads the clouds out
0	look , he spreads lightning all over the sky
0	he uses them to control the nations
0	he grabs the lightning with his hands ,
0	the thunder warns that a storm is coming .
0	“ the thunder and lightning frighten me ;
0	listen to god ’ s thundering voice !
0	he sends his lightning to flash across the whole sky .
0	after the flashes of lightning you can hear his roaring voice .
0	god ’ s thundering voice is amazing !
0	he says to the snow ,
0	god does this to stop everyone ’ s work
0	the animals run into their dens and stay there .
0	whirlwinds come from the south .
0	god ’ s breath makes ice
0	he fills the clouds with water
0	he orders the clouds to be blown all around the earth .
0	he causes the clouds to punish people with floods
0	“ job , stop for a minute and listen .
0	do you know how god controls the clouds ?
0	do you know how the clouds hang in the sky ?
0	all you know is that you sweat , your clothes stick to you ,
0	can you help god spread out the sky
0	“ job , tell us what we should say to god !
0	i would not tell god that i wanted to talk to him .
0	a person can not look at the sun .
0	in the same way god ’ s golden glory shines from the holy mountain .
0	we have seen that god all-powerful really is all powerful !
0	that is why people fear and respect him .
0	then the lord spoke to job from a whirlwind and said ,
0	“ who is this ignorant person
0	prepare yourself for an attack !
0	“ where were you when i made the earth ?
0	and who decided how big the earth should be ?
0	what is the earth resting on ?
0	when the morning stars sang together
0	“ who closed the flood gates
0	who covered it with clouds
0	i set the limits for the sea
0	i said to the sea , ‘ you can come this far , but no farther .
0	“ did you ever in your life command the morning to begin
0	did you ever tell the morning light to grab the earth
0	the morning light makes the hills
0	evil people don ’ t like the daylight .
0	“ have you ever gone to the deepest parts of the sea ?
0	has anyone shown you the gates to the world of the dead ?
0	do you really understand how big the earth is ?
0	“ where does light come from ?
0	can you take them back to where they belong ?
0	surely you know these things , since you are so old and wise .
0	“ have you ever gone into the storerooms
0	i save them there for times of trouble ,
0	have you ever gone to the place where the sun comes up ,
0	who dug ditches in the sky for the heavy rain ?
0	who makes it rain even in desert places
0	the rain gives that dry empty land all the water it needs ,
0	does the rain have a father ?
0	does ice have a mother ?
0	that ’ s when the water freezes as hard as a rock .
0	“ can you tie up the pleiades ?
0	can you bring out the other constellations at the right times ?
0	do you know the laws that control the sky ?
0	“ can you shout at the clouds
0	can you give a command to the lightning ?
0	“ who makes people wise ?
0	who is wise enough to count the clouds
0	the rain makes the dust become mud ,
0	“ do you find food for the lions ?
0	no , they hide in their caves
0	who feeds the ravens when their babies cry out to god
0	“ do you know when the mountain goats are born ?
0	do you know how many months they must carry their babies ?
0	these animals lie down , they feel their birth pains ,
0	their babies grow strong out in the wild .
0	“ who let the wild donkeys go free ?
0	i let the wild donkey have the desert for a home .
0	they are happy to be away from the noise of the city .
0	they live in the mountains .
0	“ will a wild bull agree to serve you ?
0	will he let you put ropes on him
0	a wild bull is very strong ,
0	can you trust him to gather your grain
0	“ an ostrich gets excited and flaps its wings , but it can not fly .
0	an ostrich lays her eggs on the ground
0	the ostrich forgets that someone might step on her eggs
0	an ostrich leaves her little babies .
0	that ’ s because i did not give wisdom to the ostrich .
0	but when the ostrich gets up to run , she laughs at the horse and its rider ,
0	“ did you give the horse its strength ?
0	did you make it able to jump like a locust
0	a horse is happy to be so strong .
0	it laughs at fear ; nothing makes it afraid !
0	the soldier ’ s quiver shakes on the horse ’ s side .
0	the horse gets very excited and races over the ground .
0	when the trumpet sounds , it snorts , ‘ hurray ! ’
0	“ did you teach the hawk how to spread its wings and fly south ?
0	are you the one who told the eagle to fly high into the sky ?
0	it lives high on a peak at the top of a cliff .
0	from there it looks far into the distance ,
0	the eagles gather around dead bodies ,
0	then the lord said to job ,
0	“ you wanted to argue with god all-powerful .
0	then job answered the lord :
0	“ i am not worthy to speak !
0	i spoke once , but i will not speak again .
0	then the lord spoke to job again from the storm :
0	“ are you trying to show that i am unfair ?
0	are your arms as strong as mine ?
0	if so , you can be proud
0	if you are as powerful as god , then show your anger !
0	yes , just look at the proud and make them humble .
0	bury them all in the dirt .
0	if you can do any of these things , then even i will praise you .
0	“ look at the behemoth .
0	but he has great strength in his body .
0	his tail stands strong like a cedar tree .
0	his bones are as strong as bronze .
0	the behemoth is the most amazing animal i made ,
0	he eats the grass that grows on the hills
0	he lies under the lotus plants .
0	the lotus plants hide him in their shade .
0	if the river floods , the behemoth will not run away .
0	no one can blind his eyes and capture him .
0	“ can you catch leviathan with a fishhook ?
0	can you put a rope through his nose
0	will he beg you to let him go free ?
0	will he make an agreement with you
0	will you play with leviathan as you would play with a bird ?
0	will fishermen try to buy him from you ?
0	can you throw spears into his skin or head ?
0	“ if you ever lay a hand on leviathan , you will never do it again !
0	do you think you can defeat him ?
0	no one is brave enough to wake him up
0	i owe nothing to anyone .
0	“ i will tell you about leviathan ’ s legs ,
0	no one can pierce his skin .
0	no one can force him to open his jaws .
0	his back has rows of shields
0	they are so close to each other
0	the shields are joined to each other .
0	when leviathan sneezes , it is like lightning flashing out .
0	burning torches come from his mouth .
0	smoke pours from his nose
0	his breath sets coals on fire ,
0	his neck is very powerful .
0	there is no soft spot in his skin .
0	his heart is like a rock ; he has no fear .
0	when he gets up , even the strongest people are afraid .
0	swords , spears , and darts only bounce off when they hit him .
0	he breaks iron as easily as straw .
0	arrows don ’ t make him run away .
0	when a wood club hits him , it feels to him like a piece of straw .
0	the skin on his belly is like sharp pieces of broken pottery .
0	he stirs up the water like a boiling pot .
0	when he swims , he leaves a sparkling path behind him .
0	no animal on earth is like him .
0	he looks down on the proudest of creatures .
0	then job answered the lord :
0	“ i know you can do everything .
0	you asked , ‘ who is this ignorant person saying these foolish things ? ’
0	“ you said to me , ‘ listen , and i will speak .
0	in the past i heard about you ,
0	and i am ashamed of myself .
0	so eliphaz from teman , bildad from shuah , and zophar from naamah obeyed the lord . then the lord answered job ’ s prayer .
0	job prayed for his friends , and the lord made job successful again . the lord gave him twice as much as he had before .
0	the lord blessed job with even more than he had in the beginning . job got 14,000 sheep , 6000 camels , 2000 oxen , and 1000 female donkeys .
0	he also got seven sons and three daughters .
0	he named the first daughter jemimah and the second daughter keziah . he named the third daughter keren happuch .
0	so job lived for 140 years more . he lived to see his children , his grandchildren , his great-grandchildren , and his great-great-grandchildren .
0	job lived to be a very old man who had lived a good , long life .
0	joel son of pethuel received this message from the lord :
0	leaders , listen to this message !
0	you will tell these things to your children ,
0	what the cutting locust has left ,
0	drunks , wake up and cry !
0	a powerful nation came to attack my land .
0	it destroyed my grapevine .
0	cry like a young woman crying
0	priests , servants of the lord , cry
0	the fields are ruined .
0	be sad , farmers !
0	the vines have become dry ,
0	priests , put on sackcloth and cry loudly .
0	be sad because the lord ’ s special day is near . at that time punishment will come like an attack from god all-powerful .
0	our food is gone . joy and happiness are gone from the temple of our god .
0	the animals are hungry and groaning . the herds of cattle wander around confused because they have no grass to eat . the sheep are dying .
0	lord , i am calling to you for help . fire has changed our green fields into a desert . flames have burned all the trees in the field .
0	wild animals also need your help . the streams are dry—there is no water ! fire has changed our green fields into a desert .
0	blow the trumpet on zion .
0	it will be a dark , gloomy day .
0	the army will destroy the land like a burning fire .
0	they look like horses .
0	before this army , people shake with fear .
0	the soldiers run fast .
0	they don ’ t trip each other .
0	they run to the city .
0	before them , earth and sky shake .
0	the lord calls loudly to his army .
0	this is the lord ’ s message :
0	who knows , maybe he will change his mind
0	blow the trumpet at zion .
0	bring the people together .
0	let the priests , the lord ’ s servants ,
0	then the lord cared very much about his land .
0	the lord spoke to his people .
0	no , i will force the people from the north to leave your land
0	land , don ’ t be afraid .
0	animals of the field , don ’ t be afraid .
0	so be happy , people of zion .
0	the threshing floors will be filled with wheat ,
0	“ i , the lord , sent my army against you .
0	then you will have plenty to eat .
0	you will know that i am with israel .
0	in those days i will pour out my spirit
0	i will work wonders in the sky and on the earth .
0	the sun will be changed into darkness ,
0	and everyone who trusts in the lord will be saved .
0	“ yes , at that time i will bring back the people of judah and jerusalem from captivity .
0	they threw lots for my people . they sold boys to buy a prostitute , and they sold girls to buy wine to drink .
0	you took my silver and gold . you took my precious treasures and put them in your temples .
0	“ you sold the people of judah and jerusalem to the greeks . that way you could take them far from their land .
0	you sent my people to that faraway place , but i will bring them back . and i will punish you for what you did .
0	i will sell your sons and daughters to the people of judah . then they will sell them to the faraway sabeans. ” this is what the lord said .
0	announce this among the nations :
0	beat your plows into swords .
0	all you nations , hurry !
0	wake up , nations !
0	there are many , many people in the valley of decision .
0	the sun and the moon will become dark .
0	the lord god will shout from zion .
0	“ then you will know that i am the lord your god .
0	“ on that day the mountains will drip with sweet wine .
0	egypt will be empty .
0	but there will always be people living in judah .
0	those people killed my people ,
0	before the world began , the word was there . the word was with god , and the word was god .
0	he was there with god in the beginning .
0	everything was made through him , and nothing was made without him .
0	in him there was life , and that life was a light for the people of the world .
0	the light shines in the darkness , and the darkness has not defeated it .
0	there was a man named john , who was sent by god .
0	he came to tell people about the light . through him all people could hear about the light and believe .
0	john was not the light . but he came to tell people about the light .
0	the true light was coming into the world . this is the true light that gives light to all people .
0	the word was already in the world . the world was made through him , but the world did not know him .
0	he came to the world that was his own . and his own people did not accept him .
0	but some people did accept him . they believed in him , and he gave them the right to become children of god .
0	yes , the word was full of grace and truth , and from him we all received one blessing after another .
0	that is , the law was given to us through moses , but grace and truth came through jesus christ .
0	the jewish leaders in jerusalem sent some priests and levites to john to ask him , “ who are you ? ” he told them the truth .
0	without any hesitation he said openly and plainly , “ i am not the messiah . ”
0	they asked him , “ then who are you ? are you elijah ? ”
0	john told them the words of the prophet isaiah :
0	these jews were sent from the pharisees .
0	john answered , “ i baptize people with water . but there is someone here with you that you don ’ t know .
0	he is the one who is coming later . i am not good enough to be the slave who unties the strings on his sandals . ”
0	these things all happened at bethany on the other side of the jordan river . this is where john was baptizing people .
0	the next day john saw jesus coming toward him and said , “ look , the lamb of god . he takes away the sins of the world !
0	i did not know who he was . but i came baptizing people with water so that israel could know that he is the messiah . ”
0	the next day john was there again and had two of his followers with him .
0	he saw jesus walking by and said , “ look , the lamb of god ! ”
0	the two followers heard him say this , so they followed jesus .
0	jesus turned and saw the two men following him . he asked , “ what do you want ? ”
0	these men followed jesus after they had heard about him from john . one of them was andrew , the brother of simon peter .
0	the next day jesus decided to go to galilee . he met philip and said to him , “ follow me . ”
0	philip was from the town of bethsaida , the same as andrew and peter .
0	but nathanael said to philip , “ nazareth ! can anything good come from nazareth ? ”
0	jesus saw nathanael coming toward him and said , “ this man coming is a true israelite , one you can trust . ”
0	nathanael asked , “ how do you know me ? ”
0	then nathanael said , “ teacher , you are the son of god . you are the king of israel . ”
0	two days later there was a wedding in the town of cana in galilee , and jesus ’ mother was there .
0	jesus and his followers were also invited .
0	at the wedding there was not enough wine , so jesus ’ mother said to him , “ they have no more wine . ”
0	jesus answered , “ dear woman , why are you telling me this ? it is not yet time for me to begin my work . ”
0	his mother said to the servants , “ do what he tells you . ”
0	there were six large stone waterpots there that were used by the jews in their washing ceremonies . each one held about 20 or 30 gallons .
0	jesus said to the servants , “ fill the waterpots with water. ” so they filled them to the top .
0	then he said to them , “ now dip out some water and take it to the man in charge of the feast . ”
0	then jesus went to the town of capernaum . his mother and brothers and his followers went with him . they all stayed there a few days .
0	it was almost time for the jewish passover , so jesus went to jerusalem .
0	when this happened , his followers remembered what was written in the scriptures :
0	some jews said to jesus , “ show us a miracle as a sign from god . prove that you have the right to do these things . ”
0	jesus answered , “ destroy this temple and i will build it again in three days . ”
0	they answered , “ people worked 46 years to build this temple ! do you really believe you can build it again in three days ? ”
0	but the temple jesus meant was his own body .
0	after he was raised from death , his followers remembered that he had said this . so they believed the scriptures , and they believed the words jesus said .
0	jesus was in jerusalem for the passover festival . many people believed in him because they saw the miraculous signs he did .
0	but jesus did not trust them , because he knew how all people think .
0	he did not need anyone to tell him what a person was like . he already knew .
0	there was a man named nicodemus , one of the pharisees . he was an important jewish leader .
0	jesus answered , “ i assure you , everyone must be born again . anyone who is not born again can not be in god ’ s kingdom . ”
0	the only life people get from their human parents is physical . but the new life that the spirit gives a person is spiritual .
0	don ’ t be surprised that i told you , ‘ you must be born again . ’
0	nicodemus asked , “ how is all this possible ? ”
0	jesus said , “ you are an important teacher of israel , and you still don ’ t understand these things ?
0	the only one who has ever gone up to heaven is the one who came down from heaven—the son of man .
0	“ moses lifted up the snake in the desert . it is the same with the son of man . he must be lifted up too .
0	then everyone who believes in him can have eternal life . ”
0	god sent his son into the world . he did not send him to judge the world guilty , but to save the world through him .
0	everyone who does evil hates the light . they will not come to the light , because the light will show all the bad things they have done .
0	but anyone who follows the true way comes to the light . then the light will show that whatever they have done was done through god .
0	after this , jesus and his followers went into the area of judea . there he stayed with his followers and baptized people .
0	john was also baptizing people in aenon , a place near salim with plenty of water . people were going there to be baptized .
0	this was before john was put in prison .
0	some of john ’ s followers had an argument with another jew about religious washing .
0	john answered , “ a person can receive only what god gives .
0	you yourselves heard me say , ‘ i am not the messiah . i am only the one god sent to prepare the way for him . ’
0	he must become more and more important , and i must become less important .
0	he tells what he has seen and heard , but people don ’ t accept what he says .
0	whoever accepts what he says has given proof that god speaks the truth .
0	god sent him , and he tells people what god says . god gives him the spirit fully .
0	the father loves the son and has given him power over everything .
0	jesus learned that the pharisees had heard the report that he was making and baptizing more followers than john .
0	( but really , jesus himself did not baptize anyone ; his followers baptized people for him . )
0	so he left judea and went back to galilee .
0	on the way to galilee , he had to go through the country of samaria .
0	in samaria jesus came to the town called sychar , which is near the field that jacob gave to his son joseph .
0	jacob ’ s well was there . jesus was tired from his long trip , so he sat down beside the well . it was about noon .
0	a samaritan woman came to the well to get some water , and jesus said to her , “ please give me a drink . ”
0	this happened while his followers were in town buying some food .
0	the woman said , “ sir , where will you get that living water ? the well is very deep , and you have nothing to get water with .
0	jesus answered , “ everyone who drinks this water will be thirsty again .
0	jesus told her , “ go get your husband and come back . ”
0	the woman answered , “ but i have no husband . ”
0	that ’ s because , although you have had five husbands , the man you live with now is not your husband . that much was the truth . ”
0	the woman said , “ sir , i can see that you are a prophet .
0	our fathers worshiped on this mountain . but you jews say that jerusalem is the place where people must worship . ”
0	you samaritans worship something you don ’ t understand . we jews understand what we worship , since salvation comes from the jews .
0	god is spirit . so the people who worship him must worship in spirit and truth . ”
0	then jesus said , “ he is talking to you now—i am the messiah . ”
0	then the woman left her water jar and went back to town . she told the people there ,
0	“ a man told me everything i have ever done . come see him . maybe he is the messiah . ”
0	so the people left the town and went to see jesus .
0	while the woman was in town , jesus ’ followers were begging him , “ teacher , eat something ! ”
0	but jesus answered , “ i have food to eat that you know nothing about . ”
0	so the followers asked themselves , “ did someone already bring him some food ? ”
0	it is true when we say , ‘ one person plants , but another person harvests the crop . ’
0	i sent you to harvest a crop that you did not work for . others did the work , and you get the profit from their work . ”
0	the samaritans went to jesus . they begged him to stay with them . so he stayed there two days .
0	many more people became believers because of the things he said .
0	two days later jesus left and went to galilee .
0	( jesus had said before that a prophet is not respected in his own country . )
0	when he arrived in galilee , the people there welcomed him . they had been at the passover festival in jerusalem and had seen everything he did there .
0	jesus said to him , “ you people must see miraculous signs and wonders before you will believe in me . ”
0	the king ’ s official said , “ sir , come before my little son dies . ”
0	jesus answered , “ go . your son will live . ”
0	on the way home , the man ’ s servants came and met him . they said , “ your son is well . ”
0	the man asked , “ what time did my son begin to get well ? ”
0	that was the second miraculous sign that jesus did after coming from judea to galilee .
0	later , jesus went to jerusalem for a special jewish festival .
0	in jerusalem there is a pool with five covered porches . in aramaic it is called bethzatha . this pool is near the sheep gate .
0	many sick people were lying on the porches beside the pool . some of them were blind , some were crippled , and some were paralyzed .
0	one of the men lying there had been sick for 38 years .
0	then jesus said , “ stand up ! pick up your mat and walk . ”
0	immediately the man was well . he picked up his mat and started walking .
0	but he answered , “ the man who made me well told me , ‘ pick up your mat and walk . ’ ”
0	they asked him , “ who is the man who told you to pick up your mat and walk ? ”
0	but the man who had been healed did not know who it was . there were many people there , and jesus had left .
0	then the man left and went back to the jews who questioned him . he told them that jesus was the one who made him well .
0	jesus was doing all this on the sabbath day . so these jews began trying to make him stop .
0	but he said to them , “ my father never stops working , and so i work too . ”
0	the father raises the dead and gives them life . in the same way , the son gives life to those he wants to .
0	“ also , the father judges no one . he has given the son power to do all the judging .
0	life comes from the father himself . so the father has also allowed the son to give life .
0	and the father has given him the power to judge all people because he is the son of man .
0	“ don ’ t be surprised at this . a time is coming when all people who are dead and in their graves will hear his voice .
0	“ if i tell people about myself , they can not be sure that what i say is true .
0	but there is someone else who tells people about me , and i know that what he says about me is true .
0	“ you sent men to john , and he told you what is true .
0	i don ’ t need anyone to tell people about me , but i remind you of what john said so that you can be saved .
0	john was like a lamp that burned and gave light , and you were happy to enjoy his light for a while .
0	and the father who sent me has given proof about me himself . but you have never heard his voice . you have never seen what he looks like .
0	the father ’ s teaching does not live in you , because you don ’ t believe in the one the father sent .
0	you carefully study the scriptures . you think that they give you eternal life . these same scriptures tell about me !
0	but you refuse to come to me to have that life .
0	“ i don ’ t want praise from you or any other human .
0	but i know you—i know that you have no love for god .
0	you like to have praise from each other . but you never try to get the praise that comes from the only god . so how can you believe ?
0	if you really believed moses , you would believe me , because he wrote about me .
0	but you don ’ t believe what he wrote , so you can ’ t believe what i say . ”
0	later , jesus went across lake galilee ( also known as lake tiberias ) .
0	a great crowd of people followed him because they saw the miraculous signs he did in healing the sick .
0	jesus went up on the side of the hill and sat there with his followers .
0	it was almost the time for the jewish passover festival .
0	he asked philip this question to test him . jesus already knew what he planned to do .
0	philip answered , “ we would all have to work a month to buy enough bread for each person here to have only a little piece ! ”
0	another follower there was andrew , the brother of simon peter . andrew said ,
0	“ here is a boy with five loaves of barley bread and two little fish . but that is not enough for so many people . ”
0	jesus said , “ tell everyone to sit down. ” this was a place with a lot of grass , and about 5000 men sat down there .
0	the people saw this miraculous sign that jesus did and said , “ he must be the prophet who is coming into the world . ”
0	jesus knew that the people planned to come get him and make him their king . so he left and went into the hills alone .
0	that evening jesus ’ followers went down to the lake .
0	it was dark now , and jesus had not yet come back to them . they got into a boat and started going across the lake to capernaum .
0	the wind was blowing very hard . the waves on the lake were becoming bigger .
0	but he said to them , “ don ’ t be afraid . it ’ s me . ”
0	when he said this , they were glad to take him into the boat . and then the boat reached the shore at the place they wanted to go .
0	the people saw that jesus and his followers were not there now . so they got into the boats and went to capernaum to find jesus .
0	the people found jesus on the other side of the lake . they asked him , “ teacher , when did you come here ? ”
0	the people asked jesus , “ what does god want us to do ? ”
0	jesus answered , “ the work god wants you to do is this : to believe in the one he sent . ”
0	our ancestors were given manna to eat in the desert . as the scriptures say , ‘ he gave them bread from heaven to eat . ’ ”
0	god ’ s bread is the one who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world . ”
0	the people said , “ sir , from now on give us bread like that . ”
0	i told you before that you have seen me , and still you don ’ t believe .
0	the father gives me my people . every one of them will come to me . i will always accept them .
0	i came down from heaven to do what god wants , not what i want .
0	some jews began to complain about jesus because he said , “ i am the bread that comes down from heaven . ”
0	but jesus said , “ stop complaining to each other .
0	“ i can assure you that anyone who believes has eternal life .
0	i am the bread that gives life .
0	your ancestors ate the manna god gave them in the desert , but it didn ’ t keep them from dying .
0	here is the bread that comes down from heaven . whoever eats this bread will never die .
0	then the jews began to argue among themselves . they said , “ how can this man give us his body to eat ? ”
0	those who eat my body and drink my blood have eternal life . i will raise them up on the last day .
0	my body is true food , and my blood is true drink .
0	those who eat my body and drink my blood live in me , and i live in them .
0	“ the father sent me . he lives , and i live because of him . so everyone who eats me will live because of me .
0	jesus said all this while he was teaching in the synagogue in the city of capernaum .
0	when jesus ’ followers heard this , many of them said , “ this teaching is hard . who can accept it ? ”
0	jesus already knew that his followers were complaining about this . so he said , “ is this teaching a problem for you ?
0	then what will you think when you see the son of man going up to where he came from ?
0	jesus said , “ that is why i said , ‘ anyone the father does not help to come to me can not come . ’ ”
0	after jesus said these things , many of his followers left and stopped following him .
0	jesus asked the twelve apostles , “ do you want to leave too ? ”
0	simon peter answered him , “ lord , where would we go ? you have the words that give eternal life .
0	we believe in you . we know that you are the holy one from god . ”
0	then jesus answered , “ i chose all twelve of you . but one of you is a devil . ”
0	after this , jesus traveled around the country of galilee . he did not want to travel in judea , because the jewish leaders there wanted to kill him .
0	it was time for the jewish festival of shelters .
0	jesus ’ brothers said this because even they did not believe in him .
0	jesus said to them , “ the right time for me has not yet come , but any time is right for you to go .
0	the world can not hate you . but the world hates me , because i tell the people in the world that they do evil things .
0	so you go to the festival . i will not go now , because the right time for me has not yet come . ”
0	after jesus said this , he stayed in galilee .
0	so his brothers left to go to the festival . after they left , jesus went too , but he did not let people see him .
0	at the festival the jewish leaders were looking for him . they said , “ where is that man ? ”
0	but no one was brave enough to talk about him openly . they were afraid of the jewish leaders .
0	when the festival was about half finished , jesus went to the temple area and began to teach .
0	the jewish leaders were amazed and said , “ how did this man learn so much ? he never had the kind of teaching we had ! ”
0	jesus answered , “ what i teach is not my own . my teaching comes from the one who sent me .
0	people who really want to do what god wants will know that my teaching comes from god . they will know that this teaching is not my own .
0	the people answered , “ a demon is making you crazy ! we are not trying to kill you . ”
0	jesus said to them , “ i did one miracle on a sabbath day , and you were all surprised .
0	stop judging by the way things look . be fair and judge by what is really right . ”
0	then some of the people who lived in jerusalem said , “ this is the man they are trying to kill .
0	but when the real messiah comes , no one will know where he comes from . and we know where this man ’ s home is . ”
0	i know him because i am from him . he is the one who sent me . ”
0	the pharisees heard what the people were saying about jesus . so the leading priests and the pharisees sent some temple police to arrest him .
0	then jesus said , “ i will be with you a little while longer . then i will go back to the one who sent me .
0	you will look for me , but you will not find me . and you can not come where i am . ”
0	if anyone believes in me , rivers of living water will flow out from their heart . that is what the scriptures say . ”
0	when the people heard the things that jesus said , some of them said , “ this man really is the prophet . ”
0	other people said , “ he is the messiah . ”
0	so the people did not agree with each other about jesus .
0	some of the people wanted to arrest him . but no one tried to do it .
0	the temple police went back to the leading priests and the pharisees . the priests and the pharisees asked , “ why didn ’ t you bring jesus ? ”
0	the temple police answered , “ we have never heard anyone say such amazing things ! ”
0	the pharisees answered , “ so he has fooled you too !
0	you don ’ t see any of the leaders or any of us pharisees believing in him , do you ?
0	but those people out there know nothing about the law . they are under god ’ s curse ! ”
0	but nicodemus was there in that group . he was the one who had gone to see jesus before . he said ,
0	“ our law will not let us judge anyone without first hearing them and finding out what they have done . ”
0	the jewish leaders answered , “ you must be from galilee too ! study the scriptures . you will find nothing about a prophet coming from galilee . ”
0	then they all left and went home .
0	jesus went to the mount of olives .
0	early in the morning he went back to the temple area . the people all came to him , and he sat and taught them .
0	they said to jesus , “ teacher , this woman was caught in the act of adultery .
0	the law of moses commands us to stone to death any such woman . what do you say we should do ? ”
0	then jesus stooped down again and wrote on the ground .
0	he looked up again and said to her , “ where did they all go ? did no one judge you guilty ? ”
0	she answered , “ no one , sir . ”
0	you judge me the way people judge other people . i don ’ t judge anyone .
0	but if i judge , my judging is true , because when i judge i am not alone . the father who sent me is with me .
0	your own law says that when two witnesses say the same thing , you must accept what they say .
0	i am one of the witnesses who speaks about myself . and the father who sent me is my other witness . ”
0	the people asked , “ where is your father ? ”
0	they asked , “ then who are you ? ”
0	they did not understand who he was talking about . he was telling them about the father .
0	the one who sent me is with me . i always do what pleases him . so he has not left me alone . ”
0	while he was saying these things , many people believed in him .
0	so jesus said to the jews who believed in him , “ if you continue to accept and obey my teaching , you are really my followers .
0	you will know the truth , and the truth will make you free . ”
0	they answered , “ we are abraham ’ s descendants . and we have never been slaves . so why do you say that we will be free ? ”
0	jesus said , “ the truth is , everyone who sins is a slave—a slave to sin .
0	a slave does not stay with a family forever . but a son belongs to the family forever .
0	so if the son makes you free , you are really free .
0	i know you are abraham ’ s descendants . but you want to kill me , because you don ’ t want to accept my teaching .
0	i am telling you what my father has shown me . but you do what your father has told you . ”
0	they said , “ our father is abraham . ”
0	i am someone who has told you the truth i heard from god . but you are trying to kill me . abraham did nothing like that .
0	so you are doing what your own father did . ”
0	you don ’ t understand the things i say , because you can not accept my teaching .
0	“ i am telling you the truth , and that ’ s why you don ’ t believe me .
0	can any of you prove that i am guilty of sin ? if i tell the truth , why don ’ t you believe me ?
0	whoever belongs to god accepts what he says . but you don ’ t accept what god says , because you don ’ t belong to god . ”
0	jesus answered , “ i have no demon in me . i give honor to my father , but you give no honor to me .
0	i am not trying to get honor for myself . there is one who wants this honor for me . he is the judge .
0	i promise you , whoever continues to obey my teaching will never die . ”
0	do you think you are greater than our father abraham ? he died , and so did the prophets . who do you think you are ? ”
0	your father abraham was very happy that he would see the day when i came . he saw that day and was happy . ”
0	the jews said to jesus , “ what ? how can you say you have seen abraham ? you are not even 50 years old ! ”
0	jesus answered , “ the fact is , before abraham was born , i am . ”
0	when he said this , they picked up stones to throw at him . but jesus hid , and then he left the temple area .
0	while jesus was walking , he saw a man who had been blind since the time he was born .
0	while i am in the world , i am the light of the world . ”
0	after jesus said this , he spit on the dirt , made some mud and put it on the man ’ s eyes .
0	his neighbors and some others who had seen him begging said , “ look ! is this the same man who always sits and begs ? ”
0	they asked , “ what happened ? how did you get your sight ? ”
0	they asked him , “ where is this man ? ”
0	then the people brought the man to the pharisees .
0	the day jesus had made mud and healed the man ’ s eyes was a sabbath day .
0	so the pharisees asked the man , “ how did you get your sight ? ”
0	some of the pharisees said , “ that man does not obey the law about the sabbath day . so he is not from god . ”
0	they asked the man again , “ since it was your eyes he healed , what do you say about him ? ”
0	the jewish leaders still did not believe that this really happened to the man—that he was blind and was now healed . but later they sent for his parents .
0	they asked them , “ is this your son ? you say he was born blind . so how can he see ? ”
0	his parents answered , “ we know that this man is our son . and we know that he was born blind .
0	that is why his parents said , “ he is old enough . ask him . ”
0	they asked , “ what did he do to you ? how did he heal your eyes ? ”
0	at this they shouted insults at him and said , “ you are his follower , not us ! we are followers of moses .
0	we know that god spoke to moses . but we don ’ t even know where this man comes from ! ”
0	the man answered , “ this is really strange ! you don ’ t know where he comes from , but he healed my eyes .
0	we all know that god does not listen to sinners , but he will listen to anyone who worships and obeys him .
0	this is the first time we have ever heard of anyone healing the eyes of someone born blind .
0	this man must be from god . if he were not from god , he could not do anything like this . ”
0	when jesus heard that they had forced the man to leave , he found him and asked him , “ do you believe in the son of man ? ”
0	the man said , “ tell me who he is , sir , so i can believe in him . ”
0	jesus said to him , “ you have already seen him . the son of man is the one talking with you now . ”
0	the man answered , “ yes , i believe , lord ! ” then he bowed and worshiped jesus .
0	some of the pharisees were near jesus . they heard him say this . they asked , “ what ? are you saying that we are blind too ? ”
0	but the man who takes care of the sheep enters through the gate . he is the shepherd .
0	he brings all of his sheep out . then he goes ahead of them and leads them . the sheep follow him , because they know his voice .
0	but sheep will never follow someone they don ’ t know . they will run away from him , because they don ’ t know his voice . ”
0	jesus told the people this story , but they did not understand what it meant .
0	so jesus said again , “ i assure you , i am the gate for the sheep .
0	all those who came before me were thieves and robbers . the sheep did not listen to them .
0	a thief comes to steal , kill , and destroy . but i came to give life—life that is full and good .
0	“ i am the good shepherd , and the good shepherd gives his life for the sheep .
0	the man runs away because he is only a paid worker . he does not really care for the sheep .
0	the father loves me because i give my life . i give my life so that i can get it back again .
0	again the jews were divided over what jesus was saying .
0	many of them said , “ a demon has come into him and made him crazy . why listen to him ? ”
0	it was winter , and the time came for the festival of dedication at jerusalem .
0	jesus was in the temple area at solomon ’ s porch .
0	but you do not believe , because you are not my sheep .
0	my sheep listen to my voice . i know them , and they follow me .
0	i give my sheep eternal life . they will never die , and no one can take them out of my hand .
0	my father is the one who gave them to me , and he is greater than all . no one can steal my sheep out of his hand .
0	the father and i are one . ”
0	again the jews there picked up stones to kill jesus .
0	jesus answered , “ it is written in your law that god said , ‘ i said you are gods . ’
0	this scripture called those people gods—the people who received god ’ s message . and scripture is always true .
0	if i don ’ t do what my father does , then don ’ t believe what i say .
0	they tried to get jesus again , but he escaped from them .
0	then he went back across the jordan river to the place where john began his work of baptizing people . jesus stayed there ,
0	and many people came to him . they said , “ john never did any miraculous signs , but everything john said about this man is true . ”
0	and many people there believed in jesus .
0	there was a man named lazarus who was sick . he lived in the town of bethany , where mary and her sister martha lived .
0	so mary and martha sent someone to tell jesus , “ lord , your dear friend lazarus is sick . ”
0	jesus loved martha and her sister and lazarus .
0	so when he heard that lazarus was sick , he stayed where he was two more days
0	and then said to his followers , “ we should go back to judea . ”
0	but whoever walks at night will stumble because there is no light . ”
0	then jesus said , “ our friend lazarus is now sleeping , but i am going there to wake him . ”
0	the followers answered , “ but , lord , if he can sleep , he will get well . ”
0	they thought jesus meant that lazarus was literally sleeping , but he really meant that lazarus was dead .
0	so then jesus said plainly , “ lazarus is dead .
0	and i am glad i was not there . i am happy for you because now you will believe in me . we will go to him now . ”
0	then thomas , the one called “ twin , ” said to the other followers , “ we will go too . we will die there with jesus . ”
0	jesus arrived in bethany and found that lazarus had already been dead and in the tomb for four days .
0	bethany was about two miles from jerusalem .
0	many jews had come to see martha and mary . they came to comfort them about their brother lazarus .
0	when martha heard that jesus was coming , she went out to greet him . but mary stayed home .
0	martha said to jesus , “ lord , if you had been here , my brother would not have died .
0	but i know that even now god will give you anything you ask . ”
0	jesus said , “ your brother will rise and be alive again . ”
0	martha answered , “ i know that he will rise to live again at the time of the resurrection on the last day . ”
0	jesus said to her , “ i am the resurrection . i am life . everyone who believes in me will have life , even if they die .
0	and everyone who lives and believes in me will never really die . martha , do you believe this ? ”
0	when mary heard this , she stood up and went quickly to jesus .
0	he had not yet come into the village . he was still at the place where martha met him .
0	when jesus saw mary crying and the people with her crying too , he was very upset and deeply troubled .
0	he asked , “ where did you put him ? ”
0	and the jews said , “ look ! he loved lazarus very much ! ”
0	but some of them said , “ jesus healed the eyes of the blind man . why didn ’ t he help lazarus and stop him from dying ? ”
0	again feeling very upset , jesus came to the tomb . it was a cave with a large stone covering the entrance .
0	he said , “ move the stone away . ”
0	then jesus said to her , “ remember what i told you ? i said that if you believed , you would see god ’ s divine greatness . ”
0	so they moved the stone away from the entrance . then jesus looked up and said , “ father , i thank you that you heard me .
0	after jesus said this he called in a loud voice , “ lazarus , come out ! ”
0	the dead man came out . his hands and feet were wrapped with pieces of cloth . he had a handkerchief covering his face .
0	there were many jews who came to visit mary . when they saw what jesus did , many of them believed in him .
0	but some of them went to the pharisees and told them what jesus did .
0	if we let him continue doing these things , everyone will believe in him . then the romans will come and take away our temple and our nation . ”
0	one of the men there was caiaphas . he was the high priest that year . he said , “ you people know nothing !
0	it is better for one man to die for the people than for the whole nation to be destroyed . but you don ’ t realize this . ”
0	caiaphas did not think of this himself . as that year ’ s high priest , he was really prophesying that jesus would die for the jewish people .
0	that day the jewish leaders began planning to kill jesus .
0	six days before the passover festival , jesus went to bethany . that is where lazarus lived , the man jesus raised from death .
0	there they had a dinner for jesus . martha served the food , and lazarus was one of the people eating with jesus .
0	judas iscariot , one of jesus ’ followers , was there—the one who would later hand jesus over to his enemies . judas said ,
0	jesus answered , “ don ’ t stop her . it was right for her to save this perfume for today—the day for me to be prepared for burial .
0	you will always have those who are poor with you . but you will not always have me . ”
0	so the leading priests made plans to kill lazarus too .
0	because of him , many jews were leaving them and believing in jesus . that is why they wanted to kill lazarus too .
0	the next day the people in jerusalem heard that jesus was coming there . these were the crowds of people who had come to the passover festival .
0	they took branches of palm trees and went out to meet jesus . they shouted ,
0	jesus found a donkey and rode on it , as the scriptures say ,
0	“ do not be afraid , people of zion !
0	that ’ s why so many people went out to meet him—because they had heard about this miraculous sign he did .
0	so the pharisees said to each other , “ look ! our plan is not working . the people are all following him ! ”
0	there were some greeks there too . these were some of the people who went to jerusalem to worship at the passover festival .
0	they went to philip , who was from bethsaida in galilee . they said , “ sir , we want to meet jesus . ”
0	philip went and told andrew . then andrew and philip went and told jesus .
0	jesus said to them , “ the time has come for the son of man to receive his glory .
0	whoever serves me must follow me . my servants must be with me everywhere i am . my father will give honor to anyone who serves me .
0	father , do what will bring you glory ! ”
0	the people standing there heard the voice . they said it was thunder .
0	jesus said , “ that voice was for you and not for me .
0	now is the time for the world to be judged . now the ruler of this world will be thrown out .
0	i will be lifted up from the earth . when that happens , i will draw all people to myself . ”
0	jesus said this to show how he would die .
0	the people saw all these miraculous signs jesus did , but they still did not believe in him .
0	this was to give full meaning to what isaiah the prophet said :
0	this is why the people could not believe . because isaiah also said ,
0	“ god made the people blind .
0	isaiah said this because he saw jesus ’ divine greatness . so he spoke about him .
0	they loved praise from people more than praise from god .
0	then jesus said loudly , “ everyone who believes in me is really believing in the one who sent me .
0	everyone who sees me is really seeing the one who sent me .
0	i came into this world as a light . i came so that everyone who believes in me will not stay in darkness .
0	that is because what i taught was not from myself . the father who sent me told me what to say and what to teach .
0	and i know that whatever he says to do will bring eternal life . so the things i say are exactly what the father told me to say . ”
0	so while they were eating , jesus stood up and took off his robe . he got a towel and wrapped it around his waist .
0	then he poured water into a bowl and began to wash the followers ’ feet . he dried their feet with the towel that was wrapped around his waist .
0	he came to simon peter . but peter said to him , “ lord , you should not wash my feet . ”
0	jesus answered , “ you don ’ t know what i am doing now . but later you will understand . ”
0	peter said , “ no ! you will never wash my feet . ”
0	simon peter said , “ lord , after you wash my feet , wash my hands and my head too ! ”
0	jesus knew who would hand him over to his enemies . that is why he said , “ not all of you are clean . ”
0	you call me ‘ teacher. ’ and you call me ‘ lord. ’ and this is right , because that is what i am .
0	i am your lord and teacher . but i washed your feet . so you also should wash each other ’ s feet .
0	i did this as an example for you . so you should serve each other just as i served you .
0	believe me , servants are not greater than their master . those who are sent to do something are not greater than the one who sent them .
0	if you know these things , great blessings will be yours if you do them .
0	i am telling you this now before it happens . then when it happens , you will believe that i am .
0	i assure you , whoever accepts the person i send also accepts me . and whoever accepts me also accepts the one who sent me . ”
0	his followers all looked at each other . they did not understand who jesus was talking about .
0	one of the followers was next to jesus and was leaning close to him . this was the one jesus loved very much .
0	simon peter made signs to this follower to ask jesus who he was talking about .
0	that follower leaned closer to jesus and asked , “ lord , who is it ? ”
0	when judas took the bread , satan entered him . jesus said to judas , “ what you will do—do it quickly ! ”
0	no one at the table understood why jesus said this to judas .
0	judas ate the bread jesus gave him . then he immediately went out . it was night .
0	if god receives glory through him , he will give glory to the son through himself . and that will happen very soon . ”
0	“ i give you a new command : love each other . you must love each other just as i loved you .
0	all people will know that you are my followers if you love each other . ”
0	simon peter asked jesus , “ lord , where are you going ? ”
0	peter asked , “ lord , why can ’ t i follow you now ? i am ready to die for you ! ”
0	jesus said , “ don ’ t be troubled . trust in god , and trust in me .
0	you know the way to the place where i am going . ”
0	thomas said , “ lord , we don ’ t know where you are going , so how can we know the way ? ”
0	jesus answered , “ i am the way , the truth , and the life . the only way to the father is through me .
0	if you really knew me , you would know my father too . but now you know the father . you have seen him . ”
0	philip said to him , “ lord , show us the father . that is all we need . ”
0	believe me when i say that i am in the father and the father is in me . or believe because of the miracles i have done .
0	and if you ask for anything in my name , i will do it for you . then the father ’ s glory will be shown through the son .
0	if you ask me for anything in my name , i will do it .
0	“ if you love me , you will do what i command .
0	i will ask the father , and he will give you another helper to be with you forever .
0	“ i will not leave you all alone like orphans . i will come back to you .
0	in a very short time the people in the world will not see me anymore . but you will see me . you will live because i live .
0	on that day you will know that i am in the father . you will know that you are in me and i am in you .
0	then judas ( not judas iscariot ) said , “ lord , how will you make yourself known to us , but not to the world ? ”
0	“ i have told you all these things while i am with you .
0	i have told you this now , before it happens . then when it happens , you will believe .
0	“ i will not talk with you much longer . the ruler of this world is coming . he has no power over me .
0	but the world must know that i love the father . so i do exactly what the father told me to do .
0	jesus said , “ i am the true vine , and my father is the gardener .
0	he cuts off every branch of mine that does not produce fruit . he also trims every branch that produces fruit to prepare it to produce even more .
0	you have already been prepared to produce more fruit by the teaching i have given you .
0	show that you are my followers by producing much fruit . this will bring honor to my father .
0	“ i have loved you as the father has loved me . now continue in my love .
0	i have told you these things so that you can have the true happiness that i have . i want you to be completely happy .
0	this is what i command you : love each other as i have loved you .
0	the greatest love people can show is to die for their friends .
0	you are my friends if you do what i tell you to do .
0	this is my command : love each other .
0	“ if the world hates you , remember that they hated me first .
0	they will do to you whatever they did to me , because you belong to me . they don ’ t know the one who sent me .
0	“ whoever hates me also hates my father .
0	but this happened to make clear the full meaning of what is written in their law : ‘ they hated me for no reason . ’
0	and you will tell people about me too , because you have been with me from the beginning .
0	“ i have told you all this so that you won ’ t lose your faith when you face troubles .
0	they will do this because they have not known the father , and they have not known me .
0	i have told you all this now to prepare you . so when the time comes for these things to happen , you will remember that i warned you .
0	now i am going back to the one who sent me . and none of you asks me , ‘ where are you going ? ’
0	but you are filled with sadness because i have told you all this .
0	he will prove that they are guilty of sin , because they don ’ t believe in me .
0	and he will show them how wrong their judgment is , because their leader has already been condemned .
0	“ i have so much more to tell you , but it is too much for you to accept now .
0	the spirit of truth will bring glory to me by telling you what he receives from me .
0	all that the father has is mine . that is why i said that the spirit will tell you what he receives from me .
0	“ after a short time you won ’ t see me . then after another short time you will see me again . ”
0	they also asked , “ what does he mean by ‘ a short time ’ ? we don ’ t understand what he is saying . ”
0	the father himself loves you because you have loved me . and he loves you because you have believed that i came from god .
0	i came from the father into the world . now i am leaving the world and going back to the father . ”
0	then his followers said , “ you are already speaking plainly to us . you are not using words that hide the meaning .
0	jesus said , “ so now you believe ?
0	you gave the son power over all people so that he could give eternal life to all those you have given to him .
0	and this is eternal life : that people can know you , the only true god , and that they can know jesus christ , the one you sent .
0	i finished the work you gave me to do . i brought you glory on earth .
0	and now , father , give me glory with you . give me the glory i had with you before the world was made .
0	now they know that everything i have came from you .
0	i told them the words you gave me , and they accepted them . they realized the fact that i came from you and believed that you sent me .
0	all i have is yours , and all you have is mine . and my glory is seen in them .
0	“ i am not asking you to take them out of the world . but i am asking that you keep them safe from the evil one .
0	they don ’ t belong to the world , just as i don ’ t belong to the world .
0	make them ready for your service through your truth . your teaching is truth .
0	i have sent them into the world , just as you sent me into the world .
0	i am making myself completely ready to serve you . i do this for them , so that they also might be fully qualified for your service .
0	“ i pray not only for these followers but also for those who will believe in me because of their teaching .
0	when jesus finished praying , he left with his followers and went across the kidron valley . he went into a garden there , his followers still with him .
0	judas , the one responsible for handing jesus over , knew where this place was . he knew because jesus often met there with his followers .
0	jesus already knew everything that would happen to him . so he went out and asked them , “ who are you looking for ? ”
0	they answered , “ jesus from nazareth . ”
0	when jesus said , “ i am jesus , ” the men moved back and fell to the ground .
0	he asked them again , “ who are you looking for ? ”
0	jesus said , “ i told you that i am jesus . so if you are looking for me , let these other men go free . ”
0	this was to show the truth of what jesus said earlier : “ i have not lost anyone you gave me . ”
0	jesus said to peter , “ put your sword back in its place ! i must drink from the cup the father has given me . ”
0	then the soldiers with their commander and the jewish guards arrested jesus . they tied him
0	and brought him to annas , the father-in-law of caiaphas . caiaphas was the high priest that year .
0	he was also the one who had told the other jewish leaders that it would be better if one man died for all the people .
0	but peter waited outside near the door . the follower who knew the high priest came back outside and spoke to the gatekeeper . then he brought peter inside .
0	the girl at the gate said to peter , “ are you also one of the followers of that man ? ”
0	it was cold , so the servants and guards had built a fire . they were standing around it , warming themselves , and peter was standing with them .
0	the high priest asked jesus questions about his followers and what he taught them .
0	so why do you question me ? ask the people who heard my teaching . they know what i said . ”
0	so annas sent jesus to caiaphas the high priest . he was still tied .
0	but again peter said , “ no , i was not with him ! ” as soon as he said this , a rooster crowed .
0	so pilate went outside to them and asked , “ what do you say this man has done wrong ? ”
0	they answered , “ he is a bad man . that is why we brought him to you . ”
0	pilate said to them , “ you take him yourselves and judge him by your own law . ”
0	( this was to show the truth of what jesus said about how he would die . )
0	then pilate went back inside the palace . he called for jesus and asked him , “ are you the king of the jews ? ”
0	jesus said , “ is that your own question , or did other people tell you about me ? ”
0	pilate said , “ so you are a king . ”
0	they shouted back , “ no , not him ! let barabbas go free ! ” ( barabbas was a rebel . )
0	then pilate ordered that jesus be taken away and whipped .
0	the soldiers made a crown from thorny branches and put it on his head . then they put a purple robe around him .
0	they kept coming up to him and saying , “ hail to the king of the jews ! ” and they hit him in the face .
0	then jesus came out wearing the crown of thorns and the purple robe . pilate said to the jews , “ here is the man ! ”
0	when the leading priests and the jewish guards saw jesus they shouted , “ kill him on a cross ! kill him on a cross ! ”
0	the jewish leaders answered , “ we have a law that says he must die , because he said he is the son of god . ”
0	when pilate heard this , he was more afraid .
0	so he went back inside the palace and asked jesus , “ where are you from ? ” but jesus did not answer him .
0	pilate said , “ you refuse to speak to me ? remember , i have the power to make you free or to kill you on a cross . ”
0	it was now almost noon on preparation day of passover week . pilate said to the jews , “ here is your king ! ”
0	they shouted , “ take him away ! take him away ! kill him on a cross ! ”
0	so pilate handed jesus over to them to be killed on a cross .
0	he carried his own cross to a place called “ the place of the skull. ” ( in aramaic the name of this place is “ golgotha . ” )
0	pilate told them to write a sign and put it on the cross . the sign said , “ jesus of nazareth , the king of the jews . ”
0	pilate answered , “ i will not change what i have written . ”
0	jesus ’ mother stood near his cross . her sister was also standing there with mary the wife of clopas , and mary magdalene .
0	then he said to the follower , “ here is your mother. ” so after that , this follower took jesus ’ mother to live in his home .
0	later , jesus knew that everything had been done . to make the scriptures come true he said , “ i am thirsty . ”
0	when he tasted the wine , he said , “ it is finished. ” then he bowed his head and died .
0	so the soldiers came and broke the legs of the two men on the crosses beside jesus .
0	but when the soldiers came close to jesus , they saw that he was already dead . so they did not break his legs .
0	but one of the soldiers stuck his spear into jesus ’ side . immediately blood and water came out .
0	these things happened to give full meaning to the scriptures that said , “ none of his bones will be broken ”
0	and “ people will look at the one they stabbed . ”
0	these two men took jesus ’ body and wrapped it in pieces of linen cloth with the spices . ( this is how the jews bury people . )
0	the men put jesus in that tomb because it was near , and the jews were preparing to start their sabbath day .
0	so peter and the other follower started going to the tomb .
0	they were both running , but the other follower ran faster than peter and reached the tomb first .
0	he bent down and looked in . he saw the pieces of linen cloth lying there , but he did not go in .
0	then simon peter finally reached the tomb and went in . he saw the pieces of linen lying there .
0	he also saw the cloth that had been around jesus ’ head . it was folded up and laid in a different place from the pieces of linen .
0	then the other follower went in—the one who had reached the tomb first . he saw what had happened and believed .
0	( these followers did not yet understand from the scriptures that jesus must rise from death . )
0	then the followers went back home .
0	but mary stood outside the tomb , crying . while she was crying , she bent down and looked inside the tomb .
0	the angels asked mary , “ woman , why are you crying ? ”
0	when mary said this , she turned around and saw jesus standing there . but she did not know that it was jesus .
0	he asked her , “ woman , why are you crying ? who are you looking for ? ”
0	jesus said to her , “ mary . ”
0	mary magdalene went to the followers and told them , “ i saw the lord ! ” and she told them what he had said to her .
0	as soon as he said this , he showed them his hands and his side . when the followers saw the lord , they were very happy .
0	then he breathed on them and said , “ receive the holy spirit .
0	thomas ( called didymus ) was one of the twelve , but he was not with the other followers when jesus came .
0	thomas said to jesus , “ my lord and my god ! ”
0	jesus said to him , “ you believe because you see me . great blessings belong to the people who believe without seeing me ! ”
0	jesus did many other miraculous signs that his followers saw , which are not written in this book .
0	later , jesus appeared again to his followers by lake galilee . this is how it happened :
0	simon peter said , “ i am going out to fish . ”
0	early the next morning jesus stood on the shore . but the followers did not know it was jesus .
0	then he said to them , “ friends , have you caught any fish ? ”
0	then jesus said , “ bring some of the fish that you caught . ”
0	jesus walked over to get the bread and gave it to them . he also gave them the fish .
0	this was now the third time jesus appeared to his followers after he was raised from death .
0	again jesus said to him , “ simon , son of john , do you love me ? ”
0	a third time jesus said , “ simon , son of john , do you love me ? ”
0	( jesus said this to show how peter would die to give glory to god . ) then he said to peter , “ follow me ! ”
0	when peter saw him behind them , he asked jesus , “ lord , what about him ? ”
0	jesus answered , “ maybe i want him to live until i come . that should not matter to you . you follow me ! ”
0	the lord spoke to jonah son of amittai :
0	then the men said to each other , “ we should throw lots to find out why this is happening to us . ”
0	jonah said to them , “ i am a hebrew . i worship the lord , the god of heaven , who made the land and the sea . ”
0	so the men threw jonah into the sea . the storm stopped , and the sea became calm .
0	when the men saw this , they began to fear and respect the lord . they offered a sacrifice and made special promises to the lord .
0	while jonah was in the stomach of the fish , he prayed to the lord his god . he said ,
0	“ i was in very bad trouble .
0	“ you threw me into the sea .
0	then i thought , ‘ now i must go where you can not see me , ’
0	“ the seawater closed over me .
0	i was at the bottom of the sea ,
0	“ my soul gave up all hope ,
0	“ some people worship useless idols ,
0	i will give sacrifices to you ,
0	then the lord spoke to the fish , and it vomited jonah out of its stomach onto the dry land .
0	then the lord spoke to jonah again and said ,
0	“ go to that big city nineveh , and say what i tell you . ”
0	so jonah obeyed the lord and went to nineveh . it was a very large city . a person had to walk for three days to travel through it .
0	jonah went to the center of the city and began speaking to the people . he said , “ after 40 days , nineveh will be destroyed ! ”
0	the king wrote a special message and sent it throughout the city :
0	who knows ? maybe god will stop being angry and change his mind , and we will not be punished .
0	jonah was not happy that god saved the city . jonah became angry .
0	so now , lord , just kill me . it is better for me to die than to live . ”
0	then the lord said , “ do you think it is right for you to be angry ? ”
0	the next morning , god sent a worm to eat part of the plant . the worm began eating the plant , and the plant died .
0	but god said to jonah , “ do you think it is right for you to be angry just because this plant died ? ”
0	moses was the lord ’ s servant , and joshua son of nun was moses ’ helper . after moses died , the lord spoke to joshua and said ,
0	i promised moses that i would give you this land , so i will give you all the land wherever you go .
0	so joshua gave orders to the leaders of the people :
0	then joshua said to the tribes of reuben , gad , and half the tribe of manasseh ,
0	then the people answered joshua , “ we will do whatever you command us to do . we will go wherever you tell us to go .
0	then anyone who refuses to obey your commands or turns against you will be killed . just be strong and brave ! ”
0	but someone told the king of jericho , “ last night some men from israel came to look for weaknesses in our country . ”
0	rahab had hidden the two men , but she said , “ they did come here , but i didn ’ t know where they came from .
0	the two men were ready to sleep for the night , but rahab went to the roof to talk to them .
0	rahab ’ s house was built into the city wall , so she used a rope to let the men down through a window .
0	we are making this agreement with you . but if you tell anyone about what we are doing , we will be free from this agreement . ”
0	they said to him , “ the lord really has given us all the land . all the people in that country are afraid of us . ”
0	early the next morning , joshua and all the israelites got up and left acacia . they traveled to the jordan river and camped there before they crossed it .
0	after three days the leaders went through the camp .
0	they gave orders to the people : “ when you see the levite priests carrying the box of the agreement of the lord your god , follow them .
0	then joshua told the people , “ make yourselves pure . tomorrow the lord will do amazing things among us . ”
0	then joshua said to the israelites , “ come and listen to the words of the lord your god .
0	the box of the agreement of the lord of the whole world will go before you as you cross the jordan river .
0	now choose twelve men , one from each of the twelve tribes of israel .
0	the priests carried the box of the agreement , and the people left the place they had camped . the people started going across the jordan river .
0	after all the people had crossed the jordan river , the lord said to joshua ,
0	“ choose twelve men , one from each tribe .
0	so joshua chose one man from each tribe . then he called the twelve men together .
0	these rocks will be a sign for you . in the future , your children will ask you , ‘ what do these rocks mean ? ’
0	after the people finished crossing the river , the priests carried the lord ’ s holy box to the front of the people .
0	about 40,000 soldiers , prepared for war , passed before the lord . they were marching toward the plains of jericho .
0	that day the lord made joshua a great man to all the israelites . from that time on , they respected joshua just as they had moses .
0	then the lord said to joshua ,
0	“ command the priests carrying the box that holds the agreement to come out of the river . ”
0	so joshua commanded the priests , “ come out of the jordan river . ”
0	the people crossed the jordan river on the tenth day of the first month and camped at gilgal , east of jericho .
0	they carried with them the twelve rocks that they had taken from the jordan river , and joshua set them up at gilgal .
0	then joshua told the israelites , “ in the future your children will ask you , ‘ what do these rocks mean ? ’
0	tell them , ‘ these rocks help us remember the way the people of israel crossed the jordan river on dry land . ’
0	at that time the lord said to joshua , “ make knives from flint rocks and circumcise the men of israel . ”
0	so joshua made knives from flint rocks and circumcised the men of israel at gibeath haaraloth .
0	joshua finished circumcising all the men . the people camped at that place until all the men were healed .
0	the israelites celebrated passover while they were camped at gilgal on the plains of jericho . this was on the evening of the 14th day of the month .
0	the day after passover , the people ate food that grew in that land . they ate bread made without yeast and roasted grain .
0	the commander of the lord ’ s army answered , “ take off your sandals . the place where you are standing is holy. ” so joshua obeyed him .
0	march around the city with your army once every day for six days .
0	early the next morning joshua got up , and the priests carried the lord ’ s holy box again .
0	all the things made from silver , gold , bronze , and iron belong to the lord . they must be put in the lord ’ s treasury . ”
0	at that time joshua made this important promise . he said ,
0	so the lord was with joshua , and joshua became famous throughout the whole country .
0	i promise by my life , lord ! there is nothing i can say now . israel has surrendered to the enemy .
0	the lord said to joshua , “ why are you down there with your face on the ground ? stand up !
0	early the next morning , joshua led out all the israelites . each tribe came forward to stand before the lord , and he chose the tribe of judah .
0	achan answered , “ it is true ! i sinned against the lord , the god of israel . this is what i did :
0	so joshua sent some men to the tent . they ran to the tent and found the things hidden there . the silver was under the coat .
0	the men brought the things out of the tent and took them to joshua and all the israelites . they threw them on the ground before the lord .
0	so joshua led his whole army toward ai . then joshua chose 30,000 of his best fighting men and sent them out at night .
0	then you should come out of your hiding place and take control of the city . the lord your god will give you the power to win .
0	early the next morning joshua gathered the men together . then joshua and the leaders of israel led the men to ai .
0	then joshua chose about 5000 men . he sent these men to hide in the area west of the city , between bethel and ai .
0	joshua and all the men of israel let the army of ai push them back . joshua and his men began running east toward the desert .
0	the people in the city began to shout and started to chase them . all the people left the city .
0	all the men of ai and bethel chased the army of israel . the city was left open—no one stayed to protect the city .
0	but the king of ai was left alive . joshua ’ s men brought him to joshua .
0	all the people of ai died that day ; there were 12,000 men and women .
0	the israelites kept the animals and other things from the city for themselves . this is what the lord said they could do when he gave joshua the commands .
0	then joshua burned the city of ai . that city became an empty pile of rocks . it is still like that today .
0	then joshua built an altar for the lord , the god of israel . he built the altar on mount ebal .
0	there joshua copied onto the stones the law moses had written down . this was for all the people of israel to see .
0	all these kings came together and made plans to fight against joshua and the israelites .
0	the people from the city of gibeon heard about the way joshua had defeated jericho and ai .
0	the men put old sandals on their feet and wore old clothes . they found some old bread that was dry and moldy .
0	then they went to the camp of the israelites . this camp was near gilgal .
0	the hivite men said to joshua , “ we are your servants . ”
0	“ look at our bread . when we left home , it was warm and fresh . but now you can see that it is dry and old .
0	joshua agreed to make peace with them . he agreed to let them live . the leaders of israel agreed with this promise of joshua .
0	three days later the israelites learned that these men lived very near their camp .
0	now we are your servants . you can do whatever you think is right . ”
0	so the gibeonites became slaves , but joshua let them live . he did not allow the israelites to kill them .
0	“ come with me and help me attack gibeon . gibeon has made a peace agreement with joshua and the israelites . ”
0	so joshua marched out of gilgal with his whole army . his best fighting men were with him .
0	joshua and his army marched all night to gibeon , so it was a complete surprise when he attacked them .
0	on that day the lord gave israel the victory against the amorites . joshua stood before all the israelites and said to the lord :
0	after this , joshua and his army went back to the camp at gilgal .
0	but during the fight , the five kings ran away . they hid in a cave near makkedah ,
0	but someone found them hiding in that cave . joshua learned about this .
0	he said , “ cover the entrance to the cave with large rocks . put some men there to guard the cave .
0	joshua said , “ move the rocks that are covering the entrance to the cave . bring the five kings to me . ”
0	so joshua ’ s men brought the five kings out of the cave—the kings of jerusalem , hebron , jarmuth , lachish , and eglon .
0	then joshua killed the five kings and hanged their bodies on five trees . he left them hanging in the trees until evening .
0	then joshua and all the israelites traveled from makkedah to libnah and attacked that city .
0	then joshua and all the israelites left libnah and went to lachish . joshua and his army camped around that city and attacked it .
0	king horam of gezer came to help lachish , but joshua also defeated him and his army . no one was left alive .
0	then joshua and all the israelites traveled from lachish to eglon . they camped around eglon and attacked it .
0	that day they captured the city and killed everyone in the city . this was the same thing they had done to lachish .
0	then joshua and all the israelites traveled from eglon to hebron and attacked it .
0	then joshua and all the israelites went back to debir and attacked it .
0	joshua captured all the cities from kadesh barnea to gaza . he captured all the cities from goshen to gibeon .
0	then joshua and all the israelites returned to their camp at gilgal .
0	all these kings met together at the small river of merom . they joined their armies together into one camp and made plans for the battle against israel .
0	so joshua and his whole army surprised the enemy and attacked them at the river of merom .
0	joshua did what the lord said to do ; he cut the legs of their horses and burned their chariots .
0	then joshua went back and captured the city of hazor and killed its king . ( hazor was the leader of all the kingdoms that fought against israel . )
0	the army of israel killed everyone in that city and completely destroyed all the people . there was nothing left alive . then they burned the city .
0	joshua captured all these cities and killed all their kings . he completely destroyed everything in these cities—just as moses , the lord ’ s servant , had commanded .
0	joshua fought against them for many years .
0	there were no anakites left living in the land of israel . the only anakites who were left alive were in gaza , gath , and ashdod .
0	they also defeated king og of bashan . og was from the rephaites . he ruled the land in ashtaroth and edrei .
0	the king of jericho ,
0	the king of jerusalem ,
0	the king of jarmuth ,
0	the king of eglon ,
0	the king of debir ,
0	the king of hormah ,
0	the king of libnah ,
0	the king of makkedah ,
0	the king of tappuah ,
0	the king of aphek ,
0	the king of madon ,
0	the king of shimron meron ,
0	the king of taanach ,
0	the king of kedesh ,
0	the king of dor at mount dor ,
0	and the king of tirzah .
0	you have not yet taken the land of geshur or the land of the philistines .
0	you have not yet defeated the area of the gebalites . and also there is the area of lebanon east of baal gad below mount hermon to lebo hamath .
0	now divide the land among the nine tribes and half the tribe of manasseh . ”
0	the israelites did not force out the people of geshur and maacah . they still live among the israelites today .
0	moses had given each family group from the tribe of reuben some land . this is the land they received :
0	the land continued to heshbon . it included all the towns on the plain . those towns were dibon , bamoth baal , beth baal meon ,
0	jahaz , kedemoth , mephaath ,
0	kiriathaim , sibmah , zereth shahar on the hill in the valley ,
0	beth peor , the hills of pisgah , and beth jeshimoth .
0	the israelites defeated balaam son of beor . ( balaam tried to use magic to tell the future . ) the israelites killed many people during the fighting .
0	this is the land moses gave to the tribe of gad . he gave this land to each tribe :
0	their land included the area from heshbon to ramath mizpah and betonim , from mahanaim to the land of debir ,
0	this is the land moses gave to half the tribe of manasseh . half of all the families in the tribe of manasseh got this land :
0	eleazar the priest , joshua son of nun , and the leaders of all the tribes of israel decided what land to give to the people .
0	the lord had told moses how to divide the land among the tribes of israel . the israelites divided the land the way the lord had commanded .
0	i am still as strong today as i was the day moses sent me out . i am as ready to fight as i was then .
0	joshua blessed caleb son of jephunneh . joshua gave him the city of hebron as his own .
0	in the past that city was called kiriath arba . it was named for the greatest man among the anakites—a man named arba .
0	the southern border of judah ’ s land started at the south end of the dead sea .
0	the border continued to azmon , the brook of egypt , and then to the mediterranean sea . all that land was on their southern border .
0	their eastern border was the shore of the dead sea to the area where the jordan river flowed into the sea .
0	the mediterranean sea was the western border . so the land of judah was inside these four borders . the families of judah lived in this area .
0	then caleb fought against the people living in debir . ( in the past , debir was also called kiriath sepher . )
0	caleb said , “ i will give my daughter in marriage to the man who attacks and conquers kiriath sepher . ”
0	othniel was the son of caleb ’ s brother kenaz . othniel defeated that city , so caleb gave his daughter acsah to othniel to be his wife .
0	the tribe of judah got the land that god promised them . each family group got part of the land .
0	kinah , dimonah , adadah ,
0	kedesh , hazor , ithnan ,
0	ziph , telem , bealoth ,
0	hazor hadattah , kerioth hezron ( hazor ) ,
0	amam , shema , moladah ,
0	hazar gaddah , heshmon , beth pelet ,
0	hazar shual , beersheba , biziothiah ,
0	baalah , iim , ezem ,
0	eltolad , kesil , hormah ,
0	ziklag , madmannah , sansannah ,
0	lebaoth , shilhim , ain , and rimmon . in all , there were 29 towns and all their fields .
0	the tribe of judah also got these towns in the western foothills :
0	zanoah , en gannim , tappuah , enam ,
0	jarmuth , adullam , socoh , azekah ,
0	shaaraim , adithaim , and gederah ( gederothaim ) . in all , there were 14 towns and all their fields .
0	the tribe of judah was also given these towns :
0	dilean , mizpah , joktheel ,
0	lachish , bozkath , eglon ,
0	cabbon , lahmas , kitlish ,
0	gederoth , beth dagon , naamah , and makkedah . in all , there were 16 towns and all the fields around them .
0	the people of judah also got these towns :
0	iphtah , ashnah , nezib ,
0	keilah , aczib , and mareshah . in all , there were nine towns and all the fields around them .
0	the people of judah also got the town of ekron and all the small towns and fields near it .
0	they also got the area west of ekron and all the fields and towns near ashdod .
0	the people of judah were also given these towns in the hill country :
0	dannah , kiriath sannah ( debir ) ,
0	anab , eshtemoh , anim ,
0	goshen , holon , and giloh . in all , there were eleven towns and all the fields around them .
0	the people of judah were also given these towns :
0	janim , beth tappuah , aphekah ,
0	humtah , kiriath arba ( hebron ) , and zior . there were nine towns and all the fields around them .
0	the people of judah were also given these towns :
0	jezreel , jokdeam , zanoah ,
0	kain , gibeah , and timnah . in all , there were ten towns and all the fields around them .
0	the people of judah were also given these towns :
0	maarath , beth anoth , and eltekon . in all , there were six towns and all the fields around them .
0	the people of judah were also given the two towns of rabbah and kiriath baal ( kiriath jearim ) .
0	the people of judah were also given these towns in the desert :
0	nibshan , salt city , and en gedi . in all , there were six towns and all the fields around them .
0	then the border continued from bethel ( luz ) to the arkite border at ataroth .
0	so the people of manasseh and ephraim got their land . ( manasseh and ephraim were sons of joseph . )
0	this is the land that was given to the people of ephraim : their eastern border started at ataroth addar near upper beth horon .
0	and the western border started at micmethath . the border turned to the east to taanath shiloh and continued east to janoah .
0	then it went from janoah down to ataroth and to naarah . the border continued until it touched jericho and ended at the jordan river .
0	many of the border towns of ephraim were actually in manasseh ’ s borders , but the ephraimites got the towns and the fields around them .
0	the lands of manasseh were in the area between asher and micmethath . this is near shechem . the border went south to the en tappuah area .
0	the people of manasseh were not able to defeat those cities . so the canaanites continued to live there .
0	but the israelites grew strong . when this happened , they forced the canaanites to work for them . but they did not force them to leave that land .
0	but at this time there were still seven tribes of israel that had not yet received their land .
0	joshua threw lots for them in front of the lord at shiloh . in this way joshua divided the land and gave each tribe its part of the land .
0	then the border went south to luz ( bethel ) , then down to ataroth addar . ataroth addar is on the hill south of lower beth horon .
0	the southern border started near kiriath jearim and went to the river of nephtoah .
0	it continued to the northern part of beth arabah . then the border went down into the jordan valley .
0	the jordan river was the eastern border . so this was the land that was given to the tribe of benjamin . these were the borders on all sides .
0	each family got its land . these are their cities : jericho , beth hoglah , emek keziz ,
0	beth arabah , zemaraim , bethel ,
0	avvim , parah , ophrah ,
0	kephar ammoni , ophni , and geba . there were twelve cities and the fields around them .
0	the tribe of benjamin also got gibeon , ramah , beeroth ,
0	mizpah , kephirah , mozah ,
0	rekem , irpeel , taralah ,
0	then joshua gave all the families in the tribe of simeon their share of the land . the land they got was inside the area that belonged to judah .
0	this is the land that was given to that tribe : beersheba ( also called sheba ) , moladah ,
0	hazar shual , balah , ezem ,
0	eltolad , bethul , hormah ,
0	ziklag , beth marcaboth , hazar susah ,
0	beth lebaoth , and sharuhen . there were 13 towns and all the fields around them .
0	they also got the towns of ain , rimmon , ether , and ashan . there were four towns and all the fields around them .
0	then the border went west to maralah and just touched dabbesheth . then it went along the ravine near jokneam .
0	then the border turned to the east . it went from sarid to kisloth tabor . then it went on to daberath and to japhia .
0	then the border continued to the east to gath hepher and eth kazin . it ended at rimmon . then it turned and went to neah .
0	at neah the border turned again , went north to hannathon , and then continued to the valley of iphtah el .
0	so these are the towns and fields around them that were given to zebulun . each family in zebulun got its part of the land .
0	the fourth part of the land was given to the tribe of issachar . each family in that tribe got its part of the land .
0	this is the land that was given to that tribe : jezreel , kesulloth , shunem ,
0	hapharaim , shion , anaharath ,
0	rabbith , kishion , ebez ,
0	remeth , en gannim , en haddah , and beth pazzez .
0	these cities and towns were part of the land that was given to the tribe of issachar . each family got its part of the land .
0	the fifth part of land was given to the tribe of asher . each family in that tribe got its part of the land .
0	this is the land that was given to that tribe : helkath , hali , beten , acshaph ,
0	allammelech , amad , and mishal .
0	then the border went to abdon , rehob , hammon , and kanah . it continued to the greater sidon area .
0	ummah , aphek , and rehob .
0	these cities and the fields around them were given to the tribe of asher . each family in that tribe got its share of the land .
0	the sixth part of land was given to the tribe of naphtali . each family in that tribe got its share of the land .
0	there were some very strong cities inside these borders . they were ziddim , zer , hammath , rakkath , kinnereth ,
0	adamah , ramah , hazor ,
0	kedesh , edrei , en hazor ,
0	iron , migdal el , horem , beth anath , and beth shemesh . in all , there were 19 towns and all the fields around them .
0	these cities and the fields around them were given to the tribe of naphtali . each family in that tribe got its land .
0	then land was given to the tribe of dan . each family in that tribe got its land .
0	this is the land that was given to them : zorah , eshtaol , ir shemesh ,
0	shaalabbin , aijalon , ithlah ,
0	elon , timnah , ekron ,
0	eltekeh , gibbethon , baalath ,
0	jehud , bene berak , gath rimmon ,
0	me jarkon , rakkon , and the area near joppa .
0	all these cities and fields around them were given to the tribe of dan . each family got its share of the land .
0	then the lord said to joshua :
0	“ through moses , i told you to choose some cities to be cities of safety .
0	anyone who kills someone accidentally can go to a city of safety to hide from the relatives who want to kill him .
0	you should stay in that city until the court has judged you and until the high priest dies . then you may go back to your hometown . ”
0	so the israelites obeyed this command from the lord and gave the levites these towns and the land around them for their animals :
0	the other kohath families were given ten towns in the areas that belonged to ephraim , dan , and half of manasseh .
0	the people from the merari family were given 12 towns . these towns came from the areas that belonged to reuben , gad , and zebulun .
0	so the israelites gave the levites these towns and the fields around them , just as the lord had told moses .
0	these are the names of the towns that were in the areas that belonged to judah and simeon .
0	the first choice of towns was given to the levites from the kohath family group .
0	but the fields and the small towns around the city of kiriath arba belonged to caleb son of jephunneh .
0	they also gave aaron ’ s descendants cities that belonged to the tribe of benjamin . these cities were gibeon , geba ,
0	anathoth , and almon . they gave them these four towns and some of the land near the towns for their animals .
0	the other people from the kohathite family groups were given towns that were in the areas that belonged to the tribe of ephraim . they got these towns :
0	the city of shechem from the hill country of ephraim ( which was a city of safety ) , gezer ,
0	kibzaim , and beth horon . in all , ephraim gave them four towns and some land around each town for their animals .
0	the tribe of dan gave them eltekeh , gibbethon ,
0	aijalon , and gath rimmon . in all , dan gave them four towns and some land around each town for their animals .
0	in all , the rest of the people from the kohath family groups got ten towns and some land around each town for their animals .
0	the gershon family groups were also from the tribe of levi . they got these towns :
0	the tribe of issachar gave them kishion , daberath ,
0	jarmuth , and en gannim . in all , issachar gave them four towns and some land around each town for their animals .
0	the tribe of asher gave them mishal , abdon ,
0	helkath , and rehob . in all , asher gave them four towns and some land around each town for their animals .
0	in all , the gershon family groups got 13 towns and some land around each town for their animals .
0	in all , the last family of levites , the merari family , got 12 towns .
0	each of these towns had some land in it for their animals . that was true for every town .
0	the lord kept every promise that he made to the israelites . there were no promises that he failed to keep . every promise came true .
0	then joshua called a meeting of all the people from the tribes of reuben , gad , and half the tribe of manasseh .
0	all this time you have supported all the other israelites . you carefully obeyed all the commands that the lord your god gave you .
0	then joshua said goodbye to them , and they left and went home .
0	they went to the place called geliloth , near the jordan river in the land of canaan . there they built a beautiful altar .
0	all the israelites became very angry with these three tribes . they met together and decided to fight against them .
0	they also sent ten of the leaders of the tribes there . there was one man from each family group of israel who was at shiloh .
0	so these eleven men went to gilead . they went to talk to the people of reuben , gad , and manasseh . the eleven men said to them ,
0	the people from the tribes of reuben , gad , and manasseh answered the eleven men . they said ,
0	“ so we decided to build this altar . but we did not plan to use it for burning offerings and sacrifices .
0	the people of reuben and gad named the altar “ proof that we believe the lord is god . ”
0	the lord gave israel peace from their enemies around them . he made israel safe . many years passed , and joshua became very old .
0	you have seen what the lord did to our enemies . he did this to help us . the lord your god fought for you .
0	“ you must be careful to obey every command written in the book of the law of moses . never turn away from that law .
0	you must continue to follow the lord your god . you have done this in the past , and you must continue to do it .
0	“ the lord helped you defeat many great and powerful nations . he forced them to leave . no nation has been able to defeat you .
0	with his help , one man from israel could defeat 1000 enemy soldiers , because the lord your god fights for you , as he promised .
0	so you must continue to love the lord your god .
0	but i refused to listen to balaam ’ s prayer . so he asked me to bless you , and i saved you from the enemy .
0	then the people answered , “ we will never stop following the lord . we will never serve other gods !
0	then the people said to joshua , “ no , we will serve the lord ! ”
0	then the people said to joshua , “ we will serve the lord our god . we will obey him . ”
0	so that day joshua made an agreement for the people . he made this agreement at the town called shechem . it became a law for them to follow .
0	then joshua told the people to go home . so everyone went back to his own land .
0	after that the lord ’ s servant joshua son of nun died . he was 110 years old .
0	joshua was buried on his own land at timnath serah , in the hill country of ephraim , north of mount gaash .
0	greetings from jude , a servant of jesus christ and a brother of james .
0	mercy , peace , and love be yours more and more .
0	enoch , the seventh descendant from adam , said this about these people : “ look , the lord is coming with thousands and thousands of his holy angels
0	dear friends , remember what the apostles of our lord jesus christ said would happen .
0	these are the people who divide you . they are not spiritual , because they don ’ t have the spirit .
0	but you , dear friends , use your most holy faith to build yourselves up even stronger . pray with the help of the holy spirit .
0	keep yourselves safe in god ’ s love , as you wait for the lord jesus christ in his mercy to give you eternal life .
0	help those who have doubts .
0	god is strong and can keep you from falling . he can bring you before his glory without any wrong in you and give you great joy .
0	the lord said to the israelites , “ the tribe of judah will go . i will let them take this land . ”
0	the lord helped the men of judah defeat the canaanites and the perizzites . they killed 10,000 men at the city of bezek .
0	in the city of bezek , they found the ruler of bezek and fought him , and they defeated the canaanites and the perizzites .
0	the men of judah fought against jerusalem and captured it . they used their swords to kill the people of jerusalem . then they burned the city .
0	later , they went down to fight against some more canaanites who lived in the hill country , in the negev , and in the western foothills .
0	the men of judah also captured the cities of gaza , ashkelon , and ekron and all the small towns around them .
0	the tribe of benjamin could not force the jebusites to leave jerusalem . so even today , the jebusites live with the people of benjamin in jerusalem .
0	the descendants of joseph went to fight against the city of bethel , and the lord was with them .
0	they sent some spies to the city of bethel ( which was then called luz ) .
0	he went to the land where the hittites lived and built a city . he named it luz , and that city is still called luz today .
0	the people of asher did not force the other people to leave the cities of acco , sidon , ahlab , aczib , helbah , aphek , and rehob .
0	the people of asher did not force those canaanites to leave their land , so the canaanites continued to live with them .
0	the land of the amorites was from scorpion pass to sela and up into the hill country past sela .
0	after the angel gave the israelites this message from the lord , the people cried loudly .
0	so they named the place bokim . there they offered sacrifices to the lord .
0	then joshua told the people to go home , so each tribe went to take their area of land .
0	joshua son of nun , the servant of the lord , died at the age of 110 years .
0	after that whole generation died , the next generation grew up . this new generation did not know about the lord or what he had done for the israelites .
0	so the israelites did something very evil before the lord . they began serving the false god baal .
0	the israelites stopped following the lord and began worshiping baal and ashtoreth .
0	then the lord chose leaders called judges . these leaders saved the israelites from the enemies who took their possessions .
0	i will use them to test the israelites . i will see if the israelites can keep the lord ’ s commands as their ancestors did . ”
0	the israelites lived with the canaanites , hittites , the amorites , perizzites , hivites , and jebusites .
0	the lord saw that the israelites did evil things . they forgot about the lord their god and served the false gods baal and asherah .
0	so the land was at peace for 40 years , until othniel son of kenaz died .
0	king eglon of moab ruled over the israelites for 18 years .
0	so ehud brought the gift to king eglon of moab . eglon was a very fat man .
0	after offering the gift , ehud left the palace with the men who had carried the gift .
0	ehud went to king eglon . the king was sitting all alone in the upper room of his palace .
0	then ehud went out of the private room , closed the doors to the upper room , and locked the king inside .
0	while the servants were waiting for the king , ehud had time to escape . he passed by the statues and went toward the place named seirah .
0	he said to the israelites , “ follow me ! the lord has helped us defeat our enemies , the moabites . ”
0	they killed about 10,000 strong and brave men from moab . not one moabite man escaped .
0	so on that day the israelites began to rule over the moabites , and there was peace in the land for 80 years .
0	after ehud died , the people again did what the lord said was wrong .
0	sisera had 900 iron chariots , and he was very cruel to the israelites for 20 years . so they cried to the lord for help .
0	there was a woman prophet named deborah . she was the wife of a man named lappidoth . she was judge of israel at that time .
0	someone told sisera that barak son of abinoam was at mount tabor .
0	so sisera gathered his 900 iron chariots and all the men with him , and they marched from the city of harosheth haggoyim to the kishon river .
0	on that day god defeated king jabin of canaan for the israelites .
0	so the israelites became stronger and stronger until they defeated king jabin of canaan . the israelites finally destroyed him .
0	on the day that the israelites defeated sisera , deborah and barak son of abinoam sang this song :
0	“ the men of israel prepared for battle .
0	“ listen , kings .
0	“ lord , in the past you came from seir .
0	the mountains shook before the lord , the god of mount sinai ,
0	“ in the days of shamgar son of anath ,
0	“ there were no soldiers in israel
0	“ god chose new leaders
0	“ my heart is with the commanders of israel .
0	“ pay attention you people riding on white donkeys ,
0	at the watering holes for the animals ,
0	“ wake up , wake up , deborah !
0	“ now , survivors , go to the leaders .
0	“ the men of ephraim came from the hill country of amalek .
0	the leaders of issachar were with deborah .
0	so why did you sit there against the walls of your sheep pens ?
0	the people of gilead stayed in their camps on the other side of the jordan river .
0	“ but the men of zebulun and naphtali risked their lives
0	the kings of canaan came to fight ,
0	the stars fought them from heaven .
0	the kishon river , that ancient river ,
0	the horses ’ hooves hammered the ground .
0	“ the angel of the lord said , ‘ curse the city of meroz .
0	jael was the wife of heber the kenite .
0	sisera asked for water .
0	then jael reached out and took a tent peg .
0	he sank down between jael ’ s feet .
0	“ there is sisera ’ s mother , looking out the window ,
0	“ her wisest servant girl answers her .
0	‘ i ’ m sure they won the war ,
0	“ may all your enemies die like this , lord !
0	again the israelites did what the lord said was wrong . so for seven years the lord allowed the midianites to defeat the israelites .
0	they did that because the midianites and amalekites from the east always came and destroyed their crops .
0	the israelites became very poor because of the midianites . so the israelites cried to the lord for help .
0	the midianites did all these bad things , so the israelites cried to the lord for help .
0	then gideon said to him , “ if you would , please give me some proof that you really are the lord .
0	but the lord said to gideon , “ calm down ! don ’ t be afraid ! you will not die ! ”
0	the spirit of the lord filled gideon . so gideon blew a trumpet to call the family of abiezer to follow him .
0	then gideon said to god , “ you said that you would help me save the israelites . give me proof .
0	that night god did that very thing . just the sheepskin was dry , but the ground around it was wet with dew .
0	so make an announcement to your men . tell them , ‘ anyone who is afraid may leave mount gilead and go back home . ’ ”
0	during the night the lord spoke to gideon and said , “ get up . i will let you defeat the midianite army . go down to their camp .
0	if you are afraid to go alone , take your servant purah with you . go into the camp of the midianites .
0	listen to what they are saying . after that you will not be afraid to attack them . ”
0	then gideon divided the 300 men into three groups . he gave each man a trumpet and an empty jar with a burning torch inside it .
0	gideon ’ s men stayed where they were . but inside the camp , the men of midian began shouting and running away .
0	then soldiers from the tribes of naphtali , asher , and all of manasseh were told to chase the midianites .
0	then gideon and his 300 men came to the jordan river and went across to the other side , but they were tired and hungry .
0	so gideon said to the men of penuel , “ after i win the victory , i will come back here and pull this tower down . ”
0	zebah and zalmunna , kings of the midianites , ran away . but gideon chased and caught them . gideon and his men defeated the enemy army .
0	then gideon son of joash returned from the battle . he and his men returned by going through a mountain pass called the pass of heres .
0	gideon took the elders of the city of succoth and beat them with thorns and briers from the desert .
0	gideon also pulled down the tower in the city of penuel and killed the men living in that city .
0	then gideon said to zebah and zalmunna , “ you killed some men on mount tabor . what were the men like ? ”
0	gideon son of joash went home .
0	gideon had 70 sons of his own . he had so many sons because he had many wives .
0	he had a slave woman who lived in the city of shechem . he had a son by her . he named that son abimelech .
0	as soon as gideon died , the israelites again were not faithful to god—they followed baal . they made baal berith their god .
0	the israelites did not remember the lord their god , who had saved them from all their enemies living around them .
0	the israelites were not loyal to the family of jerub-baal ( gideon ) , even though he had done many good things for them .
0	“ then the trees said to the fig tree , ‘ come and be our king . ’
0	“ but the fig tree answered , ‘ should i stop making my good , sweet fruit just to go and sway over the other trees ? ’
0	“ then the trees said to the vine , ‘ come and be our king . ’
0	“ finally , all the trees said to the thornbush , ‘ come and be our king . ’
0	but remember what my father did for you . he fought for you and risked his life when he saved you from the midianites .
0	but leaders of shechem and the house of millo , if you have not acted right , may abimelech destroy you . and may abimelech be destroyed too ! ”
0	after jotham had said this , he ran away and escaped to the city named beer . he stayed there because he was afraid of his brother abimelech .
0	abimelech ruled the israelites for three years .
0	zebul was the governor of the city of shechem . zebul heard what gaal son of ebed said , and he became very angry .
0	zebul sent messengers to abimelech in the city of arumah . this is the message :
0	so now you and your men should come tonight and hide in the fields outside the city .
0	when gaal saw the soldiers , he said to zebul , “ look , there are people coming down from the mountains . ”
0	so gaal led the leaders of shechem out to fight abimelech .
0	then abimelech returned to the city of arumah . zebul forced gaal and his brothers to leave the city of shechem .
0	the next day the people of shechem went out to the fields to work . abimelech found out about it .
0	abimelech and his group ran to a place near the gate to shechem . the other two groups ran out to the people in the fields and killed them .
0	abimelech heard that all the leaders of the tower of shechem had gathered together .
0	then abimelech and his men went to the city of thebez and captured that city .
0	abimelech and his men came to the tower to attack it . abimelech went up to the door of the tower to burn it .
0	the israelites saw that abimelech was dead , so they all went back home .
0	in that way god punished abimelech for all the bad things he had done . abimelech sinned against his own father by killing his 70 brothers .
0	god also punished the men of the city of shechem for the bad things they had done . so the things said by jotham son of gideon came true .
0	tola was a judge for the israelites for 23 years . then he died and was buried in the city of shamir .
0	jair died and was buried in the city of kamon .
0	so the lord became angry with the israelites and allowed the philistines and the ammonites to defeat them .
0	the ammonites then went across the jordan river to fight against the people of judah , benjamin , and ephraim . the ammonites brought many troubles to the israelites .
0	you cried to me when the people of sidon , the amalekites , and the midianites hurt you . i also saved you from those people .
0	but you left me and started worshiping other gods , so i refuse to save you again .
0	you like worshiping those gods , so go call to them for help . let them save you when you are in trouble . ”
0	but the israelites said to the lord , “ we have sinned . do whatever you want to do to us , but please save us today . ”
0	then the israelites threw away the foreign gods and began to worship the lord again . so he felt sorry for them when he saw them suffering .
0	the ammonites gathered together for war . their camp was in the area of gilead . the israelites gathered together . their camp was at the city of mizpah .
0	so jephthah went away because of his brothers and lived in the land of tob . in the land of tob , some rough men began to follow jephthah .
0	after a time the ammonites fought with the israelites .
0	the elders said to jephthah , “ come and be our leader so that we can fight the ammonites . ”
0	so the messengers of jephthah took this message back to jephthah . then jephthah sent the messengers to the king of the ammonites again .
0	they took this message :
0	when the israelites came out of the land of egypt , they went into the desert . they went to the red sea . then they went to kadesh .
0	the israelites got all the land of the amorites from the arnon river to the jabbok river . the land also went from the desert to the jordan river .
0	the king of the ammonites refused to listen to this message from jephthah .
0	jephthah made a promise to the lord . he said , “ if you will let me defeat the ammonites ,
0	then jephthah went to the land of the ammonites . he fought the ammonites , and the lord helped him defeat them .
0	every year the young women of israel would go out for four days to remember the daughter of jephthah from gilead and to cry for her .
0	jephthah was a judge for the israelites for six years . then jephthah from gilead died and was buried in his town in gilead .
0	after jephthah , a man named ibzan was a judge for the israelites . ibzan was from the city of bethlehem .
0	then ibzan died and was buried in the city of bethlehem .
0	then elon from the tribe of zebulun died and was buried in the city of aijalon in the land of zebulun .
0	after elon died , a man named abdon son of hillel was a judge for the israelites . abdon was from the city of pirathon .
0	abdon had 40 sons and 30 grandsons . they rode on 70 donkeys . abdon was a judge for the israelites for eight years .
0	again the people started doing what the lord said was wrong . so the lord allowed the philistines to rule over them for 40 years .
0	don ’ t drink any wine or any other strong drink . don ’ t eat any food that is unclean ,
0	so the woman ran to tell her husband , “ the man is back ! the man who came to me the other day is here . ”
0	so manoah said , “ may what you say happen . tell me , what kind of life will the boy live ? what will he do ? ”
0	the angel of the lord said to manoah , “ your wife must do everything i told her .
0	the angel of the lord said , “ why do you ask my name ? it is too amazing for you to believe . ”
0	he finally understood that the man was really the angel of the lord . the angel of the lord did not appear to manoah and his wife again .
0	manoah said to his wife , “ we have seen god . surely we will die because of this . ”
0	so the woman had a boy . she named him samson . he grew and the lord blessed him .
0	samson went down to the city of timnah . he saw a young philistine woman there .
0	so samson went down to the city and talked to the philistine woman . she pleased him .
0	samson ’ s father went down to see the philistine woman . the custom was for the bridegroom to give a party . so samson gave a party .
0	when the philistines saw that he was having a party , they sent 30 men to be with him .
0	samson told them this riddle :
0	so before the sun went down on the seventh day of the party , the philistine men had the answer . they came to samson and said ,
0	so samson ’ s wife was given to his best man .
0	but samson said to him , “ now i have a good reason to hurt you philistines . no one will blame me now . ”
0	the philistines asked , “ who did this ? ”
0	samson attacked the philistines and killed many of them . then he went and stayed in a cave in a place named the rock of etam .
0	the philistines went to the land of judah and stopped near a place named lehi . their army camped there .
0	the men of the tribe of judah asked them , “ why have you philistines come here to fight us ? ”
0	then they said to samson , “ we have come to tie you up . we will give you to the philistines . ”
0	samson found a jawbone of a dead donkey and killed 1000 philistine men with it .
0	when samson finished speaking , he threw the jawbone down . so that place was named ramath lehi .
0	samson was a judge for the israelites for 20 years during the time of the philistines .
0	one day samson went to the city of gaza . he saw a prostitute there and went in to stay the night with her .
0	later , samson fell in love with a woman named delilah , who was from sorek valley .
0	so delilah said to samson , “ tell me why you are so strong . how could someone tie you up and make you helpless ? ”
0	then the rulers of the philistines brought seven fresh , new bowstrings to delilah , and she tied samson with the bowstrings .
0	she kept bothering samson day after day . he got so tired of her asking him about his secret that he felt like he was going to die .
0	but his hair began to grow again .
0	when the philistines saw samson , they praised their god . they said ,
0	there was a man named micah who lived in the hill country of ephraim .
0	micah had a temple for worshiping idols . he made an ephod and some house idols . then micah chose one of his sons to be his priest .
0	( at that time the israelites did not have a king , so everyone did what they thought was right . )
0	there was a young man who was a levite from the city of bethlehem in judah . he had been living among the tribe of judah .
0	micah asked him , “ where have you come from ? ”
0	the young levite agreed to live with micah . he became like one of micah ’ s own sons .
0	micah chose him to be his priest . so the young man became a priest and lived in micah ’ s house .
0	the young man told them what micah had done for him . “ micah hired me , ” he said . “ i am his priest . ”
0	so they said to him , “ please ask god if our search for a place to live will be successful . ”
0	the priest said to the five men , “ yes . go in peace . the lord will lead you on your way . ”
0	the five men went back to the cities of zorah and eshtaol . their relatives asked them , “ what did you learn ? ”
0	so 600 men from the tribe of dan left the cities of zorah and eshtaol . they were ready for war .
0	from there the 600 men traveled on to the hill country of ephraim . then they came to micah ’ s house .
0	so they stopped at micah ’ s house , where the young levite lived . they asked the young man how he was .
0	the 600 men from the tribe of dan stood at the entrance of the gate . they all had their weapons and were ready for war .
0	then the men of dan turned around and went on their way . micah knew that these men were too strong for him , so he went back home .
0	at that time the israelites did not have a king .
0	the levite got up to leave , but his father-in-law persuaded him to stay the night again .
0	the old man saw the traveler in the public square and asked , “ where are you going ? where did you come from ? ”
0	the levite said to her , “ get up ; let ’ s go. ” but there was no answer .
0	now , all you men of israel , speak up . give your decision about what we should do . ”
0	now this is what we will do to the city of gibeah . we will throw lots to let god show us who will lead the attack .
0	so all the men of israel gathered together at the city of gibeah , united together and in agreement as to what they were doing .
0	the tribes of israel sent men to the tribe of benjamin with this message : “ what about this terrible thing that some of your men have done ?
0	the people from the tribe of benjamin got 26,000 soldiers together who were trained for war . they also had 700 trained soldiers from the city of gibeah .
0	all the tribes of israel , except benjamin , gathered together 400,000 fighting men with swords . each one was a trained soldier .
0	the israelites went up to the city of bethel . at bethel they asked god , “ which tribe will be first to attack the tribe of benjamin ? ”
0	the next morning the israelites got up . they made a camp near the city of gibeah .
0	then the army of israel took their positions for battle against the army of benjamin at the city of gibeah .
0	then the army of israel came near the army of benjamin . this was the second day of the war .
0	the men of israel asked the lord a question . ( in those days god ’ s box of the agreement was there at bethel .
0	then the army of israel hid some men all around the city of gibeah .
0	the army of israel went to fight against the city of gibeah on the third day . they got ready for battle as they had done before .
0	the men of benjamin said , “ we are winning as before ! ”
0	so the people of benjamin saw that they were defeated .
0	the men who were hiding rushed into the city of gibeah . they spread out and killed everyone in the city with their swords .
0	so 18,000 brave and strong fighters from the army of benjamin were killed .
0	on that day 25,000 men of the army of benjamin were killed . all of them fought bravely with their swords .
0	but 600 men from benjamin ran into the desert to the place called the rock of rimmon and stayed there for four months .
0	the israelites went to the city of bethel . there they sat before god until evening . they cried loudly as they sat there .
0	early the next day , the israelites built an altar . they put burnt offerings and fellowship offerings to god on that altar .
0	then the israelites felt sorry for their relatives , the people of benjamin . they said , “ today , one tribe has been separated from israel .
0	the israelites counted everyone to see who was there and who was not . they found that no one from jabesh gilead was there .
0	the israelites felt sorry for the men of benjamin . they felt sorry for them because the lord had separated them from the other tribes of israel .
0	so the elders told the men of benjamin about their idea . they said , “ go and hide in the vineyards .
0	then the israelites went home . they went to their own land and tribe .
0	in those days the israelites did not have a king , so everyone did whatever they thought was right .
0	jerusalem once was a city full of people ,
0	she cries bitterly in the night .
0	judah suffered very much ,
0	the roads to zion are very sad ,
0	jerusalem ’ s enemies have won .
0	the beauty of daughter zion has gone away .
0	jerusalem sinned very badly .
0	jerusalem ’ s skirts were dirty .
0	the enemy stretched out his hand .
0	all the people of jerusalem are groaning .
0	all you who pass by on the road , you don ’ t seem to care .
0	the lord sent fire from above
0	“ my sins were tied up like a yoke .
0	“ the lord rejected all my powerful men
0	“ i cry about all these things .
0	zion spread out her hands .
0	now jerusalem says , “ i refused to listen to the lord ,
0	i called out to my lovers ,
0	“ look at me , lord . i am in distress !
0	“ listen to me , i am groaning .
0	“ look how evil my enemies are !
0	look how the lord has covered daughter zion
0	the lord destroyed the houses of jacob .
0	he was angry , and he destroyed
0	he bent his bow like an enemy .
0	the lord has become like an enemy .
0	he pulled up his own tent
0	he rejected his altar ,
0	the lord planned to destroy
0	jerusalem ’ s gates have sunk into the ground .
0	the elders of zion sit on the ground .
0	my eyes are worn out with tears ,
0	they ask their mothers ,
0	my dear jerusalem , what can i say about you ?
0	your prophets saw visions for you ,
0	those who pass by on the road
0	all your enemies laugh at you .
0	the lord did what he planned to do .
0	cry out with all your heart to the lord !
0	get up throughout the night and cry for help .
0	look at us , lord !
0	young men and old men
0	you invited terror to come to me from all around .
0	i am a man who has seen much trouble .
0	he led and brought me
0	he turned his hand against me .
0	he wore out my flesh and skin .
0	he built up bitterness and trouble against me .
0	he put me in the dark ,
0	he shut me in , so i could not get out .
0	even when i cry out and ask for help ,
0	he has blocked up my path with stones .
0	he is like a bear about to attack me ,
0	he led me off my path .
0	he made his bow ready .
0	he shot me in the stomach
0	i have become a joke to all my people .
0	he gave me this poison to drink .
0	he pushed my teeth into rocky ground .
0	i thought i would never have peace again .
0	i said to myself , “ i no longer have any hope
0	remember , i am very sad ,
0	i remember well all my troubles ,
0	but then i think about this ,
0	we are still alive because
0	every morning he shows it in new ways !
0	i say to myself , “ the lord is my god ,
0	the lord is good to those who wait for him .
0	it is good to wait quietly
0	it is good for a man to wear his yoke
0	he should sit alone and be quiet
0	he should bow down to the lord .
0	he should turn his cheek to the one who hits him
0	when he punishes , he also has mercy .
0	he does not enjoy causing people pain .
0	he does not like any prisoner on earth
0	he does not like anyone to be unfair to another person .
0	the lord does not like anyone to cheat another person .
0	no one can say something and make it happen ,
0	no one alive can complain
0	let us check and see what we have done .
0	let us lift up our hearts and our hands
0	let us say to him , “ we have sinned and have been stubborn .
0	you wrapped yourself with anger .
0	you wrapped yourself in a cloud
0	you made us like garbage and dirt
0	we have been frightened .
0	my eyes flow with streams of tears .
0	my eyes will flow without stopping .
0	i will continue to cry
0	my eyes make me sad , when i see
0	they threw me alive into a pit
0	water came up over my head .
0	lord , i called your name
0	you heard my voice .
0	you came to me on the day that i called out to you .
0	lord , you have seen my trouble .
0	you have seen how my enemies have hurt me .
0	you heard them insult me , lord .
0	the words and the thoughts of my enemies
0	when they sit down and when they stand up .
0	give them back what they deserve , lord .
0	chase them in anger and destroy them .
0	see how the gold has grown dark ,
0	the precious people of zion
0	even a wild dog feeds her babies .
0	those who ate rich food
0	the sin of the daughter of my people was very great .
0	some of the men of judah were dedicated to god in a special way .
0	but now their faces are blacker than soot .
0	it was better for those who were killed by the sword
0	the lord used all of his anger .
0	the kings of the earth could not believe what had happened .
0	this happened because the prophets
0	the prophets and priests walked around
0	people shouted , “ go away !
0	the lord himself destroyed them .
0	we have worn out our eyes looking for help ,
0	our enemies hunted us all the time .
0	the men who chased us
0	the king was very important to us .
0	be happy , people of edom .
0	your punishment is complete , zion .
0	remember , lord , what happened to us .
0	our land has been turned over to strangers .
0	we have become orphans .
0	we have to buy the water that we drink .
0	we are forced to wear a yoke on our necks .
0	we made an agreement with egypt .
0	our ancestors sinned against you , and now they are dead .
0	slaves have become our rulers .
0	we risk our lives to get food .
0	our skin is hot like an oven .
0	the enemy raped the women of zion .
0	the enemy hanged our princes .
0	the enemy made our young men grind grain at the mill .
0	the elders no longer sit at the gates of the city .
0	we have no more joy in our hearts .
0	the crown has fallen from our head .
0	for this reason , our hearts have become sick ,
0	mount zion is a wasteland .
0	but you rule forever , lord .
0	you seem to have forgotten us forever .
0	bring us back to you , lord .
0	you were very angry with us .
0	so the lord called out to moses from inside the meeting tent and said ,
0	you must remove the skin from that animal and then cut the animal into pieces .
0	aaron ’ s sons , the priests , will put the fire on the altar and arrange the wood on the fire .
0	they will lay the pieces of the animal , including the head and fat , on top of the burning wood .
0	“ if you offer a sheep or a goat as a burnt offering , it must be a male that has nothing wrong with it .
0	“ if you offer a bird as a burnt offering to the lord , that bird must be a dove or a young pigeon .
0	he will remove the bird ’ s tail and inner parts and throw them onto the pile of ashes east of the altar .
0	the rest of that grain offering will belong to aaron and his sons . this gift to the lord is very holy .
0	if you bring a grain offering cooked in a baking pan , it must be made from fine flour without yeast and mixed with oil .
0	you must break it into pieces and pour oil over it . it is a grain offering .
0	if you bring a grain offering cooked in a frying pan , it must be made from fine flour mixed with oil .
0	the rest of that grain offering will belong to aaron and his sons . this gift to the lord is very holy .
0	you must put oil and frankincense on it . it is a grain offering .
0	if you bring a lamb as an offering to the lord ,
0	then the priest will take that part to the altar to be burned up as food , a gift to the lord .
0	“ if the offering is a goat , you must bring it before the lord .
0	then the priest will bring that food as a sweet-smelling gift to the lord . the fat belongs to the lord .
0	this rule will continue forever through all your generations . wherever you live , you must never eat fat or blood . ”
0	the lord spoke to moses and said ,
0	“ tell the israelites this : a person might sin without meaning to and do something that the lord commanded should not be done . for example :
0	then the anointed priest must get some of the blood from the bull and take it into the meeting tent .
0	he must put his finger in the blood and sprinkle the blood seven times before the lord in front of the curtain of the most holy place .
0	then the priest must take all the fat from the bull of the sin offering . he must take the fat that is on and around the inner parts .
0	the priest must lift up these things and burn them on the altar for burnt offerings , just as he does for the fellowship offering .
0	the anointed priest must get some of the bull ’ s blood and take it into the meeting tent .
0	he must put his finger in the blood and sprinkle it seven times in front of the curtain before the lord .
0	then he must take all the fat from the animal and bring it to the altar .
0	if he learns about his sin , he must bring a male goat that has nothing wrong with it as his offering .
0	if you learn about that sin , you must bring a female goat that has nothing wrong with it as your sin offering .
0	you must put your hand on the animal ’ s head and kill it at the place for the burnt offering .
0	“ if you bring a lamb as your sin offering , then you must bring a female lamb that has nothing wrong with it .
0	you must put your hand on the animal ’ s head and kill it as a sin offering in the place where people kill the burnt offering .
0	if you are guilty of any of these things , you must confess whatever you did wrong .
0	the lord gave this command to moses for the people :
0	you are guilty , and you must pay the guilt offering to the lord . ”
0	the lord told moses these rules for the people :
0	you must also bring a ram to the lord that has nothing wrong with it ( or the same amount in silver ) to the priest .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	then he must take off the special clothes and put on the other clothes and carry the ashes outside the camp to a special place that is pure .
0	that fire must always be kept burning on the altar . it must never be allowed to stop burning .
0	“ this is the law for the grain offering : the sons of aaron will bring it to the front of the altar as an offering to the lord .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	every grain offering that a priest gives must be completely burned . it must not be eaten . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	the priest who offers the sin offering must eat it . but he must eat it in a holy place , in the courtyard around the meeting tent .
0	touching the meat of the sin offering makes a person or a thing holy .
0	“ any male in a priest ’ s family may eat the sin offering . it is very holy .
0	“ these are the rules for the guilt offering , which is very holy :
0	“ the priest must offer all the fat from the guilt offering . he must offer the fat tail and the fat that covers the inner parts .
0	he must bring these things to the altar as a gift to the lord . it is a guilt offering .
0	“ any male in a priest ’ s family may eat the guilt offering . it is very holy , so it must be eaten in a holy place .
0	the guilt offering is like the sin offering . the same rules are for both offerings . the priest who does the sacrificing will get the meat for food .
0	he will also get the skin from the burnt offering .
0	“ this is the law of the sacrifice of fellowship offerings that you bring to the lord :
0	you must also bring loaves of bread made with yeast to go with your fellowship offering .
0	if any meat from this sacrifice is still left over on the third day , it must be burned in the fire .
0	but anyone who is unclean and eats the meat from the fellowship offerings that was offered to the lord must be separated from their people .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites : you must not eat any fat from your cattle , sheep , or goats .
0	you may use the fat from any animal that has died by itself or was torn by other animals , but you must never eat it .
0	whoever eats the fat from an animal that was offered as a gift to the lord must be separated from their people .
0	“ no matter where you live , you must never eat blood from any bird or any animal .
0	anyone who eats blood must be separated from their people . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites : if you bring a fellowship offering to the lord , you must present that gift to the lord yourself .
0	the priest will burn the fat on the altar , but the breast of the animal will belong to aaron and his sons .
0	you must also give the right thigh from the fellowship offering as a gift to the priest .
0	that part of the fellowship offering will belong to the priest who carries the blood and fat to the altar .
0	the lord commanded the israelites to give those parts to the priests once they have been anointed . that will be their share from the israelites forever .
0	these are the laws about burnt offerings , grain offerings , sin offerings , guilt offerings , fellowship offerings , and offerings for when the priests are appointed .
0	the lord gave these laws to moses on mount sinai when he commanded the israelites to bring their offerings to the lord in the desert of sinai .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	then gather the people together at the entrance of the meeting tent . ”
0	moses did what the lord commanded him . the people met together at the entrance of the meeting tent .
0	then moses said to them , “ this is what the lord has commanded must be done . ”
0	moses brought aaron and his sons forward and washed them with water .
0	moses put the judgment pouch on aaron and put the urim and thummim inside its pocket .
0	then moses took the anointing oil and sprinkled it on the holy tent and on everything in it . in this way he made them holy .
0	he poured some of the anointing oil on aaron ’ s head to make him holy .
0	then moses brought out the bull of the sin offering . aaron and his sons put their hands on the bull ’ s head .
0	then moses brought the ram of the burnt offering . aaron and his sons put their hands on the ram ’ s head .
0	then moses killed the ram . he sprinkled the blood around on the altar .
0	then he put all of it in the hands of aaron and his sons . moses lifted these pieces to show he was offering them before the lord .
0	if any of the meat or bread is left , burn it .
0	the ceremony for appointing the priests will last for seven days . you must not leave the entrance of the meeting tent until that time is finished .
0	everything we did today was what the lord commanded us to do in order to make you pure .
0	so aaron and his sons did everything that the lord had commanded moses .
0	on the eighth day , moses called for aaron and his sons and the elders of israel .
0	so all the people came to the meeting tent . they all brought the things that moses had commanded . all the people stood before the lord .
0	moses said , “ you must do what the lord commanded . then the glory of the lord will appear to you . ”
0	so aaron went to the altar . he killed the bull for the sin offering . this sin offering was for himself .
0	then aaron burned the meat and skin on a fire outside the camp .
0	next , aaron killed the animal for the burnt offering . his sons brought the blood to him , and he sprinkled the blood around on the altar .
0	aaron ’ s sons gave the pieces and head of the burnt offering to aaron , and he burned them on the altar .
0	he also washed the inner parts and the legs of the burnt offering and burned them on the altar .
0	he brought the burnt offering and offered it , just as the lord had commanded .
0	he brought the grain offering to the altar . he took a handful of the grain and put it on the altar beside that morning ’ s daily sacrifice .
0	aaron ’ s sons put these fat parts on the breasts of the bull and the ram . aaron burned them on the altar .
0	he lifted the breasts and the gift of the right thigh to show he was offering them before the lord , just as moses had commanded .
0	moses and aaron went into the meeting tent . they came out and blessed the people . then the glory of the lord appeared to all the people .
0	so fire came from the lord and destroyed nadab and abihu , and they died there in front of the lord .
0	so mishael and elzaphan obeyed moses . they carried the bodies of nadab and abihu outside the camp . nadab and abihu were still wearing their special woven shirts .
0	then the lord said to aaron ,
0	you must be able to clearly tell the difference between what is holy and what is not holy , between what is clean and what is unclean .
0	and you must teach the people about all the laws that the lord gave them through moses . ”
0	the portion of food for you and your sons will come from the special gifts to the lord , so you must eat that food in a holy place .
0	when moses heard this , he agreed .
0	the lord said to moses and aaron ,
0	“ tell the israelites : these are the animals you can eat :
0	don ’ t eat the meat from these animals . don ’ t even touch their dead bodies ! they are unclean for you .
0	“ you may eat everything that lives in the sea or in a river that has fins and scales .
0	it is a sickening thought for you to touch anything that lives in the water and does not have fins and scales .
0	kites , all kinds of falcons ,
0	all kinds of black birds ,
0	ostriches , nighthawks , sea gulls , all kinds of hawks ,
0	owls , cormorants , great owls ,
0	water hens , pelicans , carrion vultures ,
0	storks , all kinds of herons , hoopoes , and bats .
0	“ don ’ t eat insects that have wings and crawl . even the thought of eating them should make you sick !
0	but you may eat insects if they have legs with joints above their feet so that they can jump .
0	you may also eat all kinds of locusts , all kinds of winged locusts , all kinds of crickets , and all kinds of grasshoppers .
0	“ but stay away from all the other insects that have wings and crawl .
0	they will make you unclean . if you touch the dead bodies of these insects , you will become unclean until evening .
0	if you pick up one of these dead insects , you must wash your clothes . you will be unclean until evening .
0	“ these small animals are unclean for you : moles , mice , all kinds of great lizards ,
0	geckos , crocodiles , lizards , sand reptiles , and chameleons .
0	whoever touches their dead bodies will be unclean until evening .
0	if any of these unclean animals dies and falls into a clay dish , anything in the dish will become unclean . and you must break the dish .
0	if water from the unclean clay dish touches any food , that food will become unclean . any drink in the unclean dish will become unclean .
0	if any part of a dead , unclean animal falls on seed that is to be planted , that seed is still clean .
0	but if you put water on some seed and if any part of a dead , unclean animal falls on those seeds , they are unclean for you .
0	“ also , if an animal which you use for food dies , whoever touches its dead body will be unclean until evening .
0	“ you must treat all the crawling animals that live on the dirt as disgusting things that you must not eat .
0	don ’ t let them make you filthy . you must not become unclean ,
0	because i am the lord your god . i am holy , so you should keep yourselves holy . don ’ t make yourselves unclean with these crawling things .
0	these are the rules about all the tame animals , birds , all the animals in the sea , and all the animals that crawl on the ground .
0	these rules will help the people know which animals are unclean and which animals they are allowed to eat and which ones they can not eat .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites :
0	the baby boy must be circumcised on the eighth day .
0	the lord said to moses and aaron ,
0	the priest must look , and if the rash has spread , he must announce that the person is unclean . the disease is leprosy .
0	“ whoever has leprosy must be brought to the priest .
0	but if the skin is raw , that person is not clean .
0	when the priest sees the raw skin , he must announce that the person is unclean . the raw skin is not clean . it is leprosy .
0	“ if the raw skin changes and becomes white , the person must come to the priest .
0	“ someone might get a boil on their skin that heals over .
0	if the spot spreads on the skin , the priest must announce that the person is unclean ; it is an infection .
0	“ someone might get an infection on the scalp or beard .
0	if the disease does not seem deeper than the skin , but there is no dark hair in it , the priest must separate that person for seven days .
0	the person must shave . but the diseased area should not be shaved . the priest must separate that person for seven more days .
0	but if the disease spreads on the skin after the person has become clean ,
0	“ if anyone has white spots on the skin ,
0	“ a man might begin to lose the hair on his head . it is only baldness , so he is clean .
0	a man might lose hair from the sides of his head . he is clean . it is only another kind of baldness .
0	but if there is a red and white infection on his scalp , it is a skin disease .
0	a priest must look at him . if the swelling of the infection is red and white and looks like the leprosy on other parts of his body ,
0	then he has leprosy on his scalp . the person is unclean . the priest must announce that he is unclean .
0	they are unclean the whole time that they have the infection . they are unclean and must live outside the camp .
0	if the mildew is green or red , it must be shown to the priest .
0	the priest must look at it and put it in a separate place for seven days .
0	he must order the people to wash it . then he must separate the clothing for seven more days .
0	but the mildew might come back to that piece of leather or cloth . if that happens , the mildew is spreading , and the object must be burned .
0	but if the mildew did not come back after washing , that piece of leather or cloth is clean , whether the cloth was woven or knitted . ”
0	these are the rules for mildew on pieces of leather or cloth , whether the cloth is woven or knitted .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ these are the rules for people who have had a skin disease and have been made well . these rules are for making them clean .
0	the priest must go to them outside the camp and look to see if the skin disease is healed .
0	then the priest must order one bird to be killed in a clay bowl over running water .
0	the priest will also take some of the oil and pour it into his own left palm .
0	“ then the priest must offer the sin offering to make that person pure . after that he will kill the animal for the burnt offering .
0	the priest will take the lamb for the guilt offering and the oil , and he will lift them up to show they were offered before the lord .
0	he will also pour some of this oil into his own left palm .
0	he will use the finger of his right hand to sprinkle some of the oil that is in his left palm seven times before the lord .
0	“ then the priest must offer one of the doves or young pigeons . ( he must offer whichever the person can afford . )
0	the lord also said to moses and aaron ,
0	the person who owns that house must come and tell the priest , ‘ i see something like mildew in my house . ’
0	he must go out of the house and lock the house for seven days .
0	“ on the seventh day the priest must come back and check the house . if the mildew has spread on the walls of the house ,
0	then new stones must be put in the walls , and the walls must be covered with new plaster .
0	“ maybe someone took away the old stones and plaster and put in new stones and plaster . and maybe mildew again appears in that house .
0	the house must be torn down . all the stones , plaster , and pieces of wood must be taken to the special unclean place outside the city .
0	anyone who goes into that house will be unclean until evening .
0	anyone who eats in that house or lies down in there must wash their clothes .
0	he will kill one bird in a clay bowl over running water .
0	in this way he will use these things to make the house clean .
0	these are the rules for any infection of leprosy ,
0	for mildew on pieces of cloth or in a house .
0	these are the rules for swellings , rashes , or bright spots on the skin .
0	these rules teach when something is clean and when something is unclean . these are the rules about these kinds of disease .
0	the lord also said to moses and aaron ,
0	“ say to the israelites : whoever has a genital discharge is unclean .
0	the person is unclean whether the discharge continues to flow or whether it stops .
0	“ if a man with a discharge lies on a bed , that bed becomes unclean . everything he sits on will become unclean .
0	if you touch that bed , you must wash your clothes and bathe in water . you will be unclean until evening .
0	if you sit on anything that he sat on , you must wash your clothes and bathe in water . you will be unclean until evening .
0	if you touch him , you must wash your clothes and bathe in water . you will be unclean until evening .
0	if he spits on you , you must wash your clothes and bathe in water . you will be unclean until evening .
0	if that man sits on a saddle , it will become unclean .
0	if you touch or carry anything that was under him , you will be unclean until evening .
0	if he touches you , you must wash your clothes and bathe in water . you will be unclean until evening .
0	“ if a man has a flow of semen , he must bathe his whole body in water . he will be unclean until evening .
0	if the semen is on any clothing or leather , that clothing or leather must be washed with water . it will be unclean until evening .
0	everything she lies on during her monthly time of bleeding will be unclean . and everything she sits on during that time will be unclean .
0	whoever touches her bed must wash their clothes and bathe in water . they will be unclean until evening .
0	whoever touches anything she has sat on must wash their clothes and bathe in water . they will be unclean until evening .
0	it doesn ’ t matter if they touched the woman ’ s bed or if they touched something she sat on , they will be unclean until evening .
0	whoever touches these things will be unclean until evening . they must wash their own clothes and bathe in water .
0	after the woman ’ s discharge stops , she must wait seven days . after that she will be clean .
0	then on the eighth day , she must bring two doves or two young pigeons to the priest at the entrance of the meeting tent .
0	these are the rules for anyone with a discharge from the body . these rules are for men who become unclean from a flow of semen .
0	two of aaron ’ s sons died while offering incense to the lord . after that time , the lord spoke to moses .
0	“ before aaron enters the most holy place , he will offer a bull for a sin offering and a ram for a burnt offering .
0	“ from the whole community of israel , aaron will accept two male goats for a sin offering and one ram for a burnt offering .
0	then he will offer the bull for the sin offering . this sin offering is for himself . he will do this to purify himself and his family .
0	“ then aaron will take the two goats and bring them before the lord at the doorway of the meeting tent .
0	aaron will throw lots for the two goats . one lot will be for the lord . the other lot will be for azazel .
0	“ then aaron will offer the goat chosen by the lot for the lord . aaron will make this goat a sin offering .
0	then he will burn the fat of the sin offering on the altar .
0	“ the man who led the goat to azazel must wash his clothes and his whole body with water . after that he may come into the camp .
0	then the man who burns them must wash his clothes and bathe his whole body with water . after that he may come into the camp .
0	because on this day , the priest will do this to make you pure and wash away your sins . then you will be clean to the lord .
0	you must humble yourselves because this day is a very important day of rest for you . this law will continue forever .
0	and make the most holy place , the meeting tent , and the altar pure . he will also make the priests and all the people pure .
0	that law will continue forever . once every year you will purify the israelites from all their sins . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ speak to aaron and to his sons , and to all the israelites . tell them this is what the lord has commanded :
0	any one of you israelites might kill a bull , a lamb , or a goat . you might be in the camp or outside the camp .
0	in this way you will stop being unfaithful to me by offering sacrifices to your ‘ goat gods. ’ this law will continue forever .
0	“ tell the people : any citizen of israel , traveler , or foreigner living among you might want to offer a burnt offering or some other sacrifice .
0	“ i will turn against those who eat blood whether they are citizens of israel or foreigners living among you , i will separate them from their people .
0	that is why i am telling you israelites and the foreigners living among you that you must not eat blood .
0	if you don ’ t wash your clothes and bathe your whole body , you will be responsible for your guilt . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites : i am the lord your god .
0	you must obey my rules and follow my laws . be sure to follow my rules because i am the lord your god .
0	you must obey my rules and my laws , because whoever obeys them will live . i am the lord .
0	“ you must never have sexual relations with your close relatives . i am the lord .
0	“ you must never have sexual relations with your father or mother . she is your mother , so you must not have sexual relations with her .
0	“ if your father and his wife have a daughter , she is your sister . you must not have sexual relations with her .
0	“ you must not have sexual relations with your father ’ s sister . she is your father ’ s close relative .
0	you must not have sexual relations with your mother ’ s sister . she is your mother ’ s close relative .
0	“ you must not have sexual relations with your daughter-in-law . she is your son ’ s wife , so you must not have sexual relations with her .
0	“ you must not have sexual relations with your brother ’ s wife . that would be like having sexual relations with your brother .
0	“ you must not go near a woman to have sexual relations with her during her monthly time of bleeding . she is unclean during this time .
0	“ you must not have sexual relations with your neighbor ’ s wife . this will only make you filthy .
0	“ men , you must not have sexual relations with another man as with a woman . that is a terrible sin !
0	they made the land filthy . now the land is sick of those things , and it will vomit out the people who live there .
0	those who lived in the land before you have done all these terrible things . so the land became filthy .
0	whoever does any of these terrible sins must be separated from their people !
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell all the israelites : i am the lord your god . i am holy , so you must be holy .
0	“ each of you must honor your mother and father and keep my special days of rest . i am the lord your god !
0	“ do not worship idols . do not make statues of gods for yourselves . i am the lord your god .
0	“ when you offer a sacrifice of fellowship offerings to the lord , you must offer it in the right way so that you will be accepted .
0	you must not eat any of that sacrifice on the third day . it will be unclean , and it will not be accepted .
0	“ you must not steal . you must not cheat people . you must not lie to each other .
0	“ you must not cheat or rob your neighbor . you must not hold a hired worker ’ s salary overnight until morning .
0	forget about the wrong things people do to you . don ’ t try to get even . love your neighbor as yourself . i am the lord .
0	the man must bring his guilt offering to the lord at the entrance of the meeting tent . he must bring a ram for a guilt offering .
0	in the fourth year , the fruit from that tree will belong to the lord , a holy offering of praise to him .
0	“ you must not eat any meat with blood still in it .
0	you must not cut your body as a way to remember the dead . you must not make any tattoo marks on yourselves . i am the lord .
0	“ you must not work on my special days of rest . you must honor my holy place . i am the lord .
0	“ do not go to mediums or wizards for advice—they will only make you unclean . i am the lord your god .
0	“ show honor to old people . stand up when they come into the room . and show respect to your leaders . i am the lord .
0	“ do not do bad things to foreigners living in your country .
0	“ you must be fair when you judge people , and you must be fair when you measure and weigh things .
0	“ you must remember all my laws and rules . and you must obey them . i am the lord . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	maybe the common people will ignore them . maybe they will not kill those who gave their children to molech .
0	“ be special . make yourselves holy , because i am the lord your god .
0	remember and obey my laws . i am the lord . and i have made you my special people .
0	“ whoever curses their father or mother must be put to death . they cursed their father or mother , so they are responsible for their own death !
0	“ if a man has sexual relations with an animal , both the man and the animal must be put to death .
0	i have separated you from other nations to be my own special people . so you must be holy because i am the lord , and i am holy .
0	but a priest must not make himself unclean if the dead person was only one of his slaves .
0	“ priests must not shave their heads bald . they must not shave off the edges of their beards . they must not make any cuts in their bodies .
0	“ the high priest must marry a woman who is a virgin .
0	in this way people will show respect for his children . i , the lord , have separated the high priest for his special work . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell aaron : if any of your descendants have anything wrong with them , they must not carry the special bread to god .
0	men with broken feet or hands ,
0	men with bent backs , men who are dwarfs , men who are cross-eyed , men with rashes or bad skin diseases , and men with crushed testicles .
0	he is from the family of priests , so he can eat the holy bread . he can also eat the very holy bread .
0	so moses told these things to aaron , aaron ’ s sons , and all the israelites .
0	the lord god said to moses ,
0	he will be clean only after the sun goes down . then he can eat the holy food because it is his share .
0	a priest ’ s daughter might marry a man who is not a priest . if she does that , she can not eat any of the holy offerings .
0	“ whoever eats some of the holy food by mistake must give the priest the price of that food and add another one-fifth of the price as a fine .
0	“ the israelites will bring offerings to the lord . these offerings become holy , so the priests must not let them be used in a wrong way .
0	the lord god said to moses ,
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	but you must not kill the animal and its mother on the same day . this rule is the same for cattle and sheep .
0	you must eat the whole animal that day . you must not leave any of the meat for the next morning . i am the lord .
0	“ remember my commands , and obey them . i am the lord .
0	show respect for my holy name . i must be very special to the israelites . i , the lord , have made you my special people .
0	i brought you out of egypt in order to be your god . i am the lord . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites : you will announce the lord ’ s chosen festivals as holy meetings . these are my special festivals .
0	“ these are the lord ’ s chosen festivals . you will announce the holy meetings at the times chosen for them .
0	the lord ’ s passover is on the 14th day of the first month just before dark .
0	“ the lord ’ s festival of unleavened bread is on the 15th day of the same month . you will eat unleavened bread for seven days .
0	on the first day of this festival , you will have a special meeting . you must not do any work on that day .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ from that sunday morning ( the day you bring the sheaf to be presented to god ) , count seven weeks .
0	on the sunday following the seventh week ( that is , 50 days later ) , you will bring a new grain offering to the lord .
0	you will also offer one male goat for a sin offering and two one-year-old male lambs as a fellowship offering .
0	on that same day you will call a holy meeting . you must not do any work . this law continues forever in all your homes .
0	again the lord said to moses ,
0	you must not do any work . you must bring an offering as a gift to the lord . ”
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ anyone who refuses to fast on this day must be separated from their people .
0	if anyone does any work on this day , i will destroy that person from among the people .
0	you must not do any work at all . this is a law that continues forever for you , wherever you live .
0	again the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites : on the 15th day of the seventh month is the festival of shelters . this festival to the lord will continue for seven days .
0	there will be a holy meeting on the first day . you must not do any work .
0	you will celebrate this festival to the lord for seven days each year . this law will continue forever . you will celebrate this festival in the seventh month .
0	you will live in temporary shelters for seven days . all the people born in israel will live in them .
0	so moses told the israelites about all the special meetings to honor the lord .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ command the israelites to bring to you pure oil from crushed olives . that oil is for the lamps that must burn without stopping .
0	aaron must always keep the lamps burning on the lampstand of pure gold before the lord .
0	“ take fine flour and bake twelve loaves with it . use 16 cups of flour for each loaf .
0	put them in two rows on the golden table before the lord . six loaves will be in each row .
0	put pure frankincense on each row . this will help the lord remember the gift .
0	every sabbath day aaron will put the bread in order before the lord . this must be done forever . this agreement with the israelites will continue forever .
0	there was a son of an israelite woman and an egyptian father . he was walking among the israelites , and he started fighting in camp .
0	the people held him as a prisoner and waited for the lord ’ s command to be made clear to them .
0	then the lord said to moses ,
0	you must tell the israelites : anyone who curses their god must be punished .
0	“ and whoever kills another person must be put to death .
0	whoever kills an animal that belongs to another person must give another animal to take its place .
0	“ and whoever causes an injury to their neighbor must be given the same kind of injury :
0	whoever kills an animal must pay for the animal . but whoever kills another person must be put to death .
0	“ the law will be the same for foreigners and for people from your own country . this is because i am the lord your god . ”
0	the lord spoke to moses at mount sinai . he said ,
0	you will plant seed in your field for six years . you will trim your vineyards for six years and bring in its fruits .
0	and there will be enough food for your cattle and other animals to eat .
0	that year is jubilee . it will be a holy time for you . you will eat the crops that come from the field .
0	in the year of jubilee , you will go back to your own property .
0	“ don ’ t cheat your neighbors when you sell your land to them . don ’ t cheat one another when you buy or sell land .
0	you must not cheat each other . you must honor your god . i am the lord your god .
0	“ remember my laws and rules . obey them and you will live safely in your country .
0	and the land will produce good crops for you . then you will have plenty of food , and you will live safely on the land .
0	i will order my blessing to come to you during the sixth year . the land will continue growing crops for three years .
0	“ the land really belongs to me , so you can not sell it permanently . you are only foreigners and travelers living on my land with me .
0	people might sell their land , but the family will always get their land back .
0	if someone in your country becomes very poor and must sell their property , a close relative must come and buy it back .
0	if there is not a close relative to buy back the land , the person might get enough money to buy it back .
0	“ but about the cities of the levites : the levites can buy back at any time their houses in the cities that belong to them .
0	also , the fields and pastures around the levite cities can not be sold . they belong to the levites forever .
0	“ if anyone from your own country becomes too poor to support themselves , you must let them live with you like a visitor .
0	don ’ t charge them any interest on money you might loan to them . respect your god and let those from your own country live with you .
0	don ’ t charge them interest on any money you lend them . and don ’ t try to make a profit from the food you sell them .
0	i am the lord your god . i brought you out of the land of egypt to give the land of canaan to you and to become your god .
0	“ if anyone from your own country becomes so poor that they must sell themselves to you , don ’ t make them work like slaves .
0	they will be like hired workers and visitors with you until the year of jubilee .
0	then they can leave you , take their children , and go back to their family . they can go back to the property of their ancestors ,
0	because they are my servants . i brought them out of slavery in egypt . they must not become slaves again .
0	you must not be a cruel master to them . you must respect your god .
0	“ about your men and women slaves : you may get men and women slaves from the other nations around you .
0	also , you may get children as slaves if they come from the families of the foreigners living in your land . these child slaves will belong to you .
0	these people have the right to be bought back and become free . someone from their own country can buy them back .
0	if only a few years are left until the year of jubilee , the one who was sold must pay a small part of the original price .
0	but that person will live like a hired worker with the foreigner every year . don ’ t let the foreigner be a cruel master over that person .
0	this is because the israelites are my servants . they are the servants who i brought out of slavery in egypt . i am the lord your god !
0	“ remember my special days of rest and honor my holy place . i am the lord .
0	“ remember my laws and commands , and obey them .
0	“ you will chase your enemies and defeat them . you will kill them with your swords .
0	five of you will chase 100 men , and 100 of you will chase 10,000 men . you will defeat your enemies and kill them with your sword .
0	“ then i will turn to you . i will let you have many children . i will keep my agreement with you .
0	also , i will place my holy tent among you . i will not turn away from you .
0	i will walk with you and be your god . and you will be my people .
0	“ but if you don ’ t obey me and all my commands , bad things will happen to you .
0	if you refuse to obey my laws and commands , you have broken my agreement .
0	“ after these things , if you still don ’ t obey me , i will punish you seven times more for your sins .
0	and i will also destroy the great cities that make you proud . the skies will not give rain , and the earth will not produce crops .
0	you will work hard , but it will not help . your land will not give any crops , and your trees will not grow their fruit .
0	“ if you don ’ t learn your lesson after all this , and if you still turn against me ,
0	then i will also turn against you . i—yes , i myself—will punish you seven times for your sins .
0	“ if you still refuse to listen to me , and if you still turn against me ,
0	then i will really show my anger ! i—yes , i myself—will punish you seven times for your sins .
0	you will become so hungry that you will eat the bodies of your sons and daughters .
0	i will destroy your cities . i will make your holy places empty . i will stop smelling your offerings .
0	i will make your land empty . and your enemies who come to live there will be shocked at it .
0	during the time that the land is empty , it will get the time of rest that you did not give it while you lived there .
0	they will run as if someone is chasing them with a sword . they will fall over each other—even when no one is chasing them .
0	you will be lost in other nations . you will disappear in the land of your enemies .
0	so the survivors will rot away in their sin in their enemies ’ countries . they will rot away in their sins just as their ancestors did .
0	the lord said to moses ,
0	“ tell the israelites : you might promise to give someone to the lord as a servant . the priest must set a price for that person .
0	the price for a man from 20 to 60 years old is 50 shekels of silver . ( you must use the official measure for the silver . )
0	the price for a woman who is 20 to 60 years old is 30 shekels .
0	the price for a man from 5 to 20 years old is 20 shekels . for a woman the price is 10 shekels .
0	the price for a boy from one month to five years old is 5 shekels . for a girl , the price is 3 shekels .
0	the price for a man who is 60 years old or older is 15 shekels . the price for a woman is 10 shekels .
0	if you want to buy back the animal , then you must add one-fifth to the price .
0	but if you want to get the house back , you must add one-fifth to the price . then you will get the house back .
0	if you give your field to god during the year of jubilee , then its value will be whatever the priest decides .
0	if you want to buy the field back , you must add one-fifth to that price . then you will get the field back .
0	if you don ’ t buy the field back and the land is sold to someone else , you can not get the land back .
0	“ if you dedicate a field to the lord that you had bought , and it is not a part of your family ’ s property ,
0	then the priest must count the years to the year of jubilee and decide the price for the land . then that land will belong to the lord .
0	at the year of jubilee , the land will go to the family that originally owned the land .
0	“ you must use the official measure in paying these prices . the shekel by that measure weighs 20 gerahs .
0	if this gift is a person , that person can not be bought back . that person must be killed .
0	“ a tenth of all crops belongs to the lord . this means the crops from fields and the fruit from trees—a tenth belongs to the lord .
0	so if you want to get back your tenth , you must add one-fifth to its price and then buy it back .
0	“ the priests will take every tenth animal from a person ’ s cattle or sheep . every tenth animal will belong to the lord .
0	these are the commands that the lord gave moses at mount sinai for the israelites .
0	what they have written agrees with what we learned from the people who saw those events from the beginning . they also served god by telling people his message .
0	i studied it all carefully from the beginning . then i decided to write it down for you in an organized way .
0	i did this so that you can be sure that what you have been taught is true .
0	zechariah and elizabeth were both good people who pleased god . they did everything the lord commanded , always following his instructions completely .
0	but they had no children . elizabeth could not have a baby , and both of them were very old .
0	zechariah was serving as a priest before god for his group . it was his group ’ s time to serve .
0	there was a large crowd outside praying at the time the incense was offered .
0	then , on the right side of the incense table , an angel of the lord came and stood before zechariah .
0	when he saw the angel , zechariah was upset and very afraid .
0	you will be very happy , and many others will share your joy over his birth .
0	“ john will help many people of israel return to the lord their god .
0	outside , the people were still waiting for zechariah . they were surprised that he was staying so long in the temple .
0	when his time of service was finished , he went home .
0	later , zechariah ’ s wife elizabeth became pregnant . so she did not go out of her house for five months . she said ,
0	“ look what the lord has done for me ! he decided to help me . now people will stop thinking there is something wrong with me . ”
0	the angel came to her and said , “ greetings ! the lord is with you ; you are very special to him . ”
0	but mary was very confused about what the angel said . she wondered , “ what does this mean ? ”
0	the angel said to her , “ don ’ t be afraid , mary , because god is very pleased with you .
0	listen ! you will become pregnant and have a baby boy . you will name him jesus .
0	he will be great . people will call him the son of the most high god , and the lord god will make him king like his ancestor david .
0	he will rule over the people of jacob forever ; his kingdom will never end . ”
0	mary said to the angel , “ how will this happen ? i am still a virgin . ”
0	god can do anything ! ”
0	mary said , “ i am the lord ’ s servant . let this thing you have said happen to me ! ” then the angel went away .
0	mary got up and went quickly to a town in the hill country of judea .
0	she went into zechariah ’ s house and greeted elizabeth .
0	when elizabeth heard mary ’ s greeting , the unborn baby inside her jumped , and she was filled with the holy spirit .
0	in a loud voice she said to mary , “ god has blessed you more than any other woman . and god has blessed the baby you will have .
0	you are the mother of my lord , and you have come to me ! why has something so good happened to me ?
0	when i heard your voice , the baby inside me jumped with joy .
0	great blessings are yours because you believed what the lord said to you ! you believed this would happen . ”
0	i am very happy because god is my savior .
0	i am not important ,
0	yes , the powerful one has done great things for me .
0	he reached out his arm and showed his power .
0	he brought down rulers from their thrones
0	he filled the hungry with good things ,
0	god has helped israel—the people he chose to serve him .
0	he has done what he promised to our ancestors ,
0	mary stayed with elizabeth for about three months and then went home .
0	when it was time for elizabeth to give birth , she had a boy .
0	her neighbors and relatives heard that the lord was very good to her , and they were happy for her .
0	when the baby was eight days old , they came to circumcise him . they wanted to name him zechariah because this was his father ’ s name .
0	but his mother said , “ no , he will be named john . ”
0	the people said to elizabeth , “ but no one in your family has that name . ”
0	then they made signs to his father , “ what would you like to name him ? ”
0	zechariah asked for something to write on . then he wrote , “ his name is john. ” everyone was surprised .
0	then zechariah could talk again , and he began praising god .
0	and all their neighbors were afraid . in all the hill country of judea , people continued talking about these things .
0	then zechariah , john ’ s father , was filled with the holy spirit and told the people a message from god :
0	“ praise to the lord god of israel .
0	he has given us a powerful savior
0	this is what he promised
0	he will save us from our enemies
0	god said he would show mercy to our fathers ,
0	this was the promise he made to our father abraham ,
0	a promise to free us from the power of our enemies ,
0	in a way that is holy and right for as long as we live .
0	“ now you , little boy , will be called a prophet of the most high god .
0	you will make his people understand that they will be saved
0	“ with the loving mercy of our god ,
0	it will bring light to those who live in darkness , in the fear of death .
0	this was the first counting of all the people while quirinius was governor of syria .
0	everyone traveled to their own hometowns to have their name put on the list .
0	joseph registered with mary because she was engaged to marry him . ( she was now pregnant . )
0	while joseph and mary were in bethlehem , the time came for her to have the baby .
0	that night , some shepherds were out in the fields near bethlehem watching their sheep .
0	an angel of the lord appeared to them , and the glory of the lord was shining around them . the shepherds were very afraid .
0	the angel said to them , “ don ’ t be afraid . i have some very good news for you—news that will make everyone happy .
0	today your savior was born in david ’ s town . he is the messiah , the lord .
0	this is how you will know him : you will find a baby wrapped in pieces of cloth and lying in a feeding box . ”
0	then a huge army of angels from heaven joined the first angel , and they were all praising god , saying ,
0	“ praise god in heaven ,
0	so they went running and found mary and joseph . and there was the baby , lying in the feeding box .
0	when they saw the baby , they told what the angels said about this child .
0	everyone was surprised when they heard what the shepherds told them .
0	mary continued to think about these things , trying to understand them .
0	the holy spirit told him that he would not die before he saw the messiah from the lord .
0	simeon took the baby in his arms and thanked god :
0	“ now , lord , you can let me , your servant , die in peace as you said .
0	i have seen with my own eyes how you will save your people .
0	now all people can see your plan .
0	he is a light to show your way to the other nations .
0	jesus ’ father and mother were amazed at what simeon said about him .
0	so the secret thoughts of many will be made known . and the things that happen will be painful for you—like a sword cutting through your heart . ”
0	joseph and mary finished doing all the things that the law of the lord commanded . then they went home to nazareth , their own town in galilee .
0	the little boy jesus was developing into a mature young man , full of wisdom . god was blessing him .
0	every year jesus ’ parents went to jerusalem for the passover festival .
0	when jesus was twelve years old , they went to the festival as usual .
0	when the festival was over , they went home , but jesus stayed in jerusalem . his parents did not know about it .
0	they traveled for a whole day thinking that jesus was with them in the group . they began looking for him among their family and close friends ,
0	but they did not find him . so they went back to jerusalem to look for him there .
0	after three days they found him . jesus was sitting in the temple area with the religious teachers , listening and asking them questions .
0	everyone who heard him was amazed at his understanding and wise answers .
0	but they did not understand the meaning of what he said to them .
0	jesus went with them to nazareth and obeyed them . his mother was still thinking about all these things .
0	as jesus grew taller , he continued to grow in wisdom . god was pleased with him and so were the people who knew him .
0	it was the 15th year of the rule of tiberius caesar . these men were under caesar :
0	this is like the words written in the book of isaiah the prophet :
0	every valley will be filled ,
0	the ax is now ready to cut down the trees . every tree that does not produce good fruit will be cut down and thrown into the fire . ”
0	the people asked john , “ what should we do ? ”
0	he answered , “ if you have two shirts , share with someone who does not have one . if you have food , share that too . ”
0	even the tax collectors came to john . they wanted to be baptized . they said to him , “ teacher , what should we do ? ”
0	he told them , “ don ’ t take more taxes from people than you have been ordered to collect . ”
0	the soldiers asked him , “ what about us ? what should we do ? ”
0	everyone was hoping for the messiah to come , and they wondered about john . they thought , “ maybe he is the messiah . ”
0	john said many other things like this to encourage the people to change , and he told them the good news .
0	so herod added another bad thing to all his other wrongs : he put john in jail .
0	when all the people were being baptized , jesus came and was baptized too . and while he was praying , the sky opened ,
0	when jesus began to teach , he was about 30 years old . people thought that jesus was joseph ’ s son .
0	eli was the son of matthat .
0	joseph was the son of mattathias .
0	naggai was the son of maath .
0	joda was the son of joanan .
0	neri was the son of melchi .
0	er was the son of joshua .
0	levi was the son of simeon .
0	eliakim was the son of melea .
0	david was the son of jesse .
0	nahshon was the son of amminadab .
0	judah was the son of jacob .
0	nahor was the son of serug .
0	shelah was the son of cainan .
0	lamech was the son of methuselah .
0	cainan was the son of enos .
0	now filled with the holy spirit , jesus returned from the jordan river . and then the spirit led him into the desert .
0	there the devil tempted jesus for 40 days . jesus ate nothing during this time , and when it was finished , he was very hungry .
0	the devil said to him , “ if you are the son of god , tell this rock to become bread . ”
0	jesus answered , “ the scriptures say ,
0	then the devil took jesus and in a moment of time showed him all the kingdoms of the world .
0	i will give it all to you , if you will only worship me . ”
0	jesus answered , “ the scriptures say ,
0	it is also written ,
0	jesus answered , “ but the scriptures also say , ‘ you must not test the lord your god . ’ ”
0	the devil finished tempting jesus in every way and went away to wait until a better time .
0	jesus went back to galilee with the power of the spirit . stories about him spread all over the area around galilee .
0	he began to teach in the synagogues , and everyone praised him .
0	the book of isaiah the prophet was given to him . he opened the book and found the place where this is written :
0	“ the spirit of the lord is on me .
0	and to announce that the time has come for the lord to show his kindness . ”
0	jesus closed the book , gave it back to the helper , and sat down . as everyone in the synagogue watched him closely ,
0	he began to speak to them . he said , “ while you heard me reading these words just now , they were coming true ! ”
0	then he said , “ the truth is , a prophet is not accepted in his own hometown .
0	when the people in the synagogue heard this , they were very angry .
0	but he walked through the middle of the crowd and went away .
0	jesus went to capernaum , a city in galilee . on the sabbath day he taught the people .
0	they were amazed at his teaching because he spoke with authority .
0	in the synagogue there was a man who had an evil spirit from the devil inside him . the man shouted loudly ,
0	and so the news about jesus spread to every place in the whole area .
0	he stood very close to her and ordered the sickness to go away . the sickness left her , and she got up and began serving them .
0	then jesus told the good news in the synagogues in judea .
0	as jesus stood beside lake galilee , a crowd of people pushed to get closer to him and to hear the teachings of god .
0	jesus saw two boats at the shore of the lake . the fishermen were washing their nets .
0	the fishermen put their nets into the water . their nets were filled with so many fish that they began to break .
0	james and john , the sons of zebedee , were amazed too . ( james and john worked together with simon . )
0	the men brought their boats to the shore . they left everything and followed jesus .
0	jesus said , “ i want to heal you . be healed ! ” then he touched the man , and immediately the leprosy disappeared .
0	but the news about jesus spread more and more . many people came to hear him and to be healed of their sicknesses .
0	jesus often went away to other places to be alone so that he could pray .
0	jesus saw how much faith they had and said to the sick man , “ friend , your sins are forgiven . ”
0	but jesus knew what they were thinking and said , “ why do you have these questions in your minds ?
0	the man immediately stood up in front of everyone . he picked up his mat and walked home , praising god .
0	levi got up , left everything , and followed jesus .
0	then levi gave a big dinner at his house for jesus . at the table there were many tax collectors and some other people too .
0	jesus answered them , “ it is the sick people who need a doctor , not those who are healthy .
0	i have not come to ask good people to change . i have come to ask sinners to change the way they live . ”
0	but the time will come when the groom will be taken away from them . then his friends will fast . ”
0	you always put new wine into new wineskins .
0	no one who drinks old wine wants new wine . they say , ‘ the old wine is just fine . ’ ”
0	some pharisees said , “ why are you doing that ? it is against the law of moses to do that on the sabbath day . ”
0	jesus answered , “ you have read about what david did when he and the people with him were hungry .
0	then jesus said to the pharisees , “ the son of man is lord over the sabbath day . ”
0	on another sabbath day jesus went into the synagogue and taught the people . a man with a crippled right hand was there .
0	a few days later , jesus went out to a mountain to pray . he stayed there all night praying to god .
0	the next morning he called his followers . he chose twelve of them and called them apostles . these are the ones he chose :
0	simon ( jesus named him peter ) ,
0	judas , the son of james ,
0	they all came to hear jesus teach and to be healed of their sicknesses . he healed the people who were troubled by evil spirits .
0	everyone was trying to touch him , because power was coming out from him . jesus healed them all .
0	jesus looked at his followers and said ,
0	great blessings belong to you who are hungry now .
0	“ but how bad it will be for you rich people ,
0	how bad it will be for you people who are full now ,
0	“ how bad it is when everyone says nothing but good about you . just look at the false prophets . their ancestors always said good things about them .
0	“ but i say to you people who are listening to me , love your enemies . do good to those who hate you .
0	ask god to bless the people who ask for bad things to happen to you . pray for the people who are mean to you .
0	give to everyone who asks you for something . when someone takes something that is yours , don ’ t ask for it back .
0	do for others what you want them to do for you .
0	“ if you love only those who love you , should you get any special praise for doing that ? no , even sinners love those who love them !
0	if you do good only to those who do good to you , should you get any special praise for doing that ? no , even sinners do that !
0	give love and mercy the same as your father gives love and mercy .
0	jesus told them this story : “ can a blind man lead another blind man ? no . both of them will fall into a ditch .
0	students are not better than their teacher . but when they have been fully taught , they will be like their teacher .
0	“ a good tree does not produce bad fruit . and a bad tree does not produce good fruit .
0	“ why do you call me , ‘ lord , lord , ’ but you don ’ t do what i say ?
0	the people who come to me , who listen to my teachings and obey them—i will show you what they are like :
0	jesus finished saying all these things to the people . then he went into capernaum .
0	in capernaum there was an army officer . he had a servant who was very sick ; he was near death . the officer loved the servant very much .
0	the men went to jesus . they begged jesus to help the officer . they said , “ this officer is worthy to have your help .
0	he loves our people and he built the synagogue for us . ”
0	that is why i did not come to you myself . you need only to give the order , and my servant will be healed .
0	the group that was sent to jesus went back to the house . there they found that the servant was healed .
0	the next day jesus and his followers went to a town called nain . a big crowd was traveling with them .
0	when the lord saw the woman , he felt very sorry for her and said , “ don ’ t cry . ”
0	then the boy sat up and began to talk , and jesus gave him back to his mother .
0	this news about jesus spread all over judea and to all the other places around there .
0	john ’ s followers told him about all these things . john called for two of his followers .
0	he sent them to the lord to ask , “ are you the one we heard was coming , or should we wait for someone else ? ”
0	right then jesus healed many people of their sicknesses and diseases . he healed those who had evil spirits and made many who were blind able to see again .
0	great blessings belong to those who don ’ t have a problem accepting me . ”
0	so what did you go out to see ? a prophet ? yes , john is a prophet . but i tell you , he is more than that .
0	this scripture was written about him :
0	i tell you , no one ever born is greater than john . but even the least important person in god ’ s kingdom is greater than john . ”
0	but the pharisees and experts in the law refused to accept god ’ s plan for themselves ; they did not let john baptize them . )
0	“ what shall i say about the people of this time ? what can i compare them to ? what are they like ?
0	they are like children sitting in the marketplace . one group of children calls to the other children and says ,
0	john the baptizer came and did not eat the usual food or drink wine . and you say , ‘ he has a demon inside him . ’
0	but wisdom is shown to be right by those who accept it . ”
0	one of the pharisees asked jesus to eat with him . jesus went into the pharisee ’ s house and took a place at the table .
0	in response , jesus said to the pharisee , “ simon , i have something to say to you . ”
0	simon answered , “ i think it would be the one who owed him the most money . ”
0	you did not greet me with a kiss , but she has been kissing my feet since i came in .
0	you did not honor me with oil for my head , but she rubbed my feet with her sweet-smelling oil .
0	then jesus said to her , “ your sins are forgiven . ”
0	the people sitting at the table began to think to themselves , “ who does this man think he is ? how can he forgive sins ? ”
0	jesus said to the woman , “ because you believed , you are saved from your sins . go in peace . ”
0	a large crowd came together . people came to jesus from every town , and he told them this story :
0	other seed fell on rock . it began to grow but then died because it had no water .
0	some other seed fell among thorny weeds . this seed grew , but later the weeds stopped the plants from growing .
0	the rest of the seed fell on good ground . this seed grew and made 100 times more grain . ”
0	jesus ’ followers asked him , “ what does this story mean ? ”
0	“ this is what the story means : the seed is god ’ s teaching .
0	everything that is hidden will become clear . every secret thing will be made known , and everyone will see it .
0	jesus ’ mother and brothers came to visit him . but they could not get close to him , because there were so many people .
0	someone said to jesus , “ your mother and your brothers are standing outside . they want to see you . ”
0	jesus answered them , “ my mother and my brothers are those who listen to god ’ s teaching and obey it . ”
0	one day jesus and his followers got into a boat . he said to them , “ come with me across the lake. ” and so they started across .
0	while they were sailing , jesus slept . a big storm blew across the lake , and the boat began to fill with water . they were in danger .
0	the followers went to jesus and woke him . they said , “ master ! master ! we will drown ! ”
0	he said to his followers , “ where is your faith ? ”
0	jesus and his followers sailed on across the lake . they sailed to the area where the gerasene people live , across from galilee .
0	jesus asked him , “ what is your name ? ”
0	the demons begged jesus not to send them into the bottomless pit .
0	the men who were caring for the pigs ran away and told the story in the fields and in the town .
0	the men who saw these things happen told the others all about how jesus made the man well .
0	all those who lived in the area around gerasa asked jesus to go away because they were afraid .
0	the man he had healed begged to go with him . but jesus sent him away , saying ,
0	“ go back home and tell people what god did for you . ”
0	when jesus went back to galilee , the people welcomed him . everyone was waiting for him .
0	a woman was there who had been bleeding for twelve years . she had spent all her money on doctors , but no doctor was able to heal her .
0	the woman came behind jesus and touched the bottom of his coat . at that moment , her bleeding stopped .
0	then jesus said , “ who touched me ? ”
0	but jesus said , “ someone touched me . i felt power go out from me . ”
0	jesus said to her , “ my daughter , you are made well because you believed . go in peace . ”
0	jesus heard this and said to jairus , “ don ’ t be afraid ! just believe and your daughter will be well . ”
0	jesus went to the house . he let only peter , john , james , and the girl ’ s father and mother go inside with him .
0	the people laughed at him , because they knew that the girl was dead .
0	but jesus held her hand and called to her , “ little girl , stand up ! ”
0	her spirit came back into her , and she stood up immediately . jesus said , “ give her something to eat . ”
0	the girl ’ s parents were amazed . he told them not to tell anyone about what happened .
0	jesus called his twelve apostles together . he gave them power to heal sicknesses and power to force demons out of people .
0	he sent them to tell about god ’ s kingdom and to heal the sick .
0	when you go into a house , stay there until it is time to leave .
0	if the people in the town will not welcome you , go outside the town and shake the dust off your feet as a warning to them . ”
0	so the apostles went out . they traveled through all the towns . they told the good news and healed people everywhere .
0	herod the ruler heard about all these things that were happening . he was confused because some people said , “ john the baptizer has risen from death . ”
0	others said , “ elijah has come to us. ” and some others said , “ one of the prophets from long ago has risen from death . ”
0	but jesus said to the apostles , “ you give them something to eat . ”
0	( there were about 5000 men there . )
0	so the followers did this and everyone sat down .
0	one time jesus was praying alone . his followers came together there , and he asked them , “ who do the people say i am ? ”
0	then jesus said to his followers , “ and who do you say i am ? ”
0	jesus warned them not to tell anyone .
0	any of you who try to save the life you have will lose it . but you who give up your life for me will save it .
0	it is worth nothing for you to have the whole world if you yourself are destroyed or lost .
0	believe me when i say that some of you people standing here will see god ’ s kingdom before you die . ”
0	about eight days after jesus said these things , he took peter , john , and james and went up on a mountain to pray .
0	while jesus was praying , his face began to change . his clothes became shining white .
0	then two men were there , talking with him . they were moses and elijah .
0	they also looked bright and glorious . they were talking with jesus about his death that would happen in jerusalem .
0	peter and the others were asleep . but they woke up and saw the glory of jesus . they also saw the two men who were standing with him .
0	while peter was saying these things , a cloud came all around them . peter , john , and james were afraid when the cloud covered them .
0	a voice came from the cloud and said , “ this is my son . he is the one i have chosen . obey him . ”
0	the next day , jesus , peter , john , and james came down from the mountain . a large group of people met jesus .
0	a man in the group shouted to him , “ teacher , please come and look at my son . he is the only child i have .
0	i begged your followers to make the evil spirit leave my son , but they could not do it . ”
0	all the people were amazed at the great power of god .
0	“ don ’ t forget what i will tell you now : the son of man will soon be handed over to the control of other men . ”
0	jesus ’ followers began to have an argument about which one of them was the greatest .
0	jesus knew what they were thinking , so he took a little child and stood the child beside him .
0	jesus said to him , “ don ’ t stop him . whoever is not against you is for you . ”
0	the time was coming near when jesus would leave and go back to heaven . he decided to go to jerusalem .
0	he sent some men ahead of him . they went into a town in samaria to make everything ready for him .
0	but the people there would not welcome jesus because he was going toward jerusalem .
0	but jesus turned and criticized them for saying this .
0	then he and his followers went to another town .
0	they were all traveling along the road . someone said to jesus , “ i will follow you anywhere you go . ”
0	jesus said to another man , “ follow me ! ”
0	but jesus said to him , “ let the people who are dead bury their own dead . you must go and tell about god ’ s kingdom . ”
0	another man said , “ i will follow you , lord , but first let me go and say goodbye to my family . ”
0	jesus said , “ anyone who begins to plow a field but looks back is not prepared for god ’ s kingdom . ”
0	“ you can go now . but listen ! i am sending you , and you will be like sheep among wolves .
0	don ’ t carry any money , a bag , or sandals . don ’ t stop to talk with people on the road .
0	before you go into a house , say , ‘ peace be with this home . ’
0	“ if you go into a town and the people welcome you , eat the food they give you .
0	heal the sick people who live there , and tell them , ‘ god ’ s kingdom is now very near you ! ’
0	“ but if you go into a town and the people don ’ t welcome you , then go out into the streets of that town and say ,
0	‘ even the dirt from your town that sticks to our feet we wipe off against you . but remember that god ’ s kingdom is coming soon . ’
0	i tell you , on the judgment day it will be worse for the people of that town than for the people of sodom .
0	but on the judgment day it will be worse for you than for tyre and sidon .
0	and you , capernaum , will you be lifted up to heaven ? no , you will be thrown down to the place of death !
0	jesus said to them , “ i saw satan falling like lightning from the sky .
0	then an expert in the law stood up to test jesus . he said , “ teacher , what must i do to get eternal life ? ”
0	jesus said to him , “ what is written in the law ? what do you understand from it ? ”
0	jesus said , “ your answer is right . do this and you will have eternal life . ”
0	but the man wanted to show that the way he was living was right . so he said to jesus , “ but who is my neighbor ? ”
0	then jesus said , “ which one of these three men do you think was really a neighbor to the man who was hurt by the robbers ? ”
0	the teacher of the law answered , “ the one who helped him . ”
0	while jesus and his followers were traveling , he went into a town , and a woman named martha let him stay at her house .
0	she had a sister named mary . mary was sitting at jesus ’ feet and listening to him teach .
0	but the lord answered her , “ martha , martha , you are getting worried and upset about too many things .
0	only one thing is important . mary has made the right choice , and it will never be taken away from her . ”
0	jesus said to the followers , “ this is how you should pray :
0	give us the food we need for each day .
0	yes , whoever continues to ask will receive . whoever continues to look will find . and whoever continues to knock will have the door opened for them .
0	do any of you have a son ? what would you do if your son asked you for a fish ? would any father give him a snake ?
0	or , if he asked for an egg , would you give him a scorpion ? of course not !
0	but some of the people said , “ he uses the power of satan to force demons out of people . satan is the ruler of demons . ”
0	some others there wanted to test jesus . they asked him to do a miracle as a sign from god .
0	so if satan is fighting against himself , how will his kingdom survive ? you say that i use the power of satan to force out demons .
0	but i use the power of god to force out demons . this shows that god ’ s kingdom has now come to you .
0	“ when a strong man with many weapons guards his own house , the things in his house are safe .
0	“ whoever is not with me is against me . and anyone who does not work with me is working against me .
0	when it comes back , it finds that home all neat and clean .
0	but jesus said , “ the people who hear the teaching of god and obey it—they are the ones who have god ’ s blessing . ”
0	so be careful ! don ’ t let the light in you become darkness .
0	after jesus had finished speaking , a pharisee asked jesus to eat with him . so he went and took a place at the table .
0	but the pharisee was surprised when he saw that jesus did not wash his hands first before the meal .
0	you are foolish ! the same one who made what is outside also made what is inside .
0	so pay attention to what is inside . give to the people who need help . then you will be fully clean .
0	it will be bad for you , because you are like hidden graves . people walk on them without knowing it . ”
0	it will be bad for you , because you build tombs for the prophets . but these are the same prophets your ancestors killed !
0	and now you show all people that you agree with what your ancestors did . they killed the prophets , and you build tombs for the prophets !
0	“ so you people who live now will be punished for the deaths of all the prophets who were killed since the beginning of the world .
0	they were trying to find a way to catch jesus saying something wrong .
0	everything that is hidden will be shown , and everything that is secret will be made known .
0	“ when birds are sold , five small birds cost only two pennies . but god does not forget any of them .
0	yes , god even knows how many hairs you have on your head . don ’ t be afraid . you are worth much more than many birds .
0	“ whoever says something against the son of man can be forgiven . but whoever speaks against the holy spirit will not be forgiven .
0	“ when men bring you into the synagogues before the leaders and other important men , don ’ t worry about what you will say .
0	the holy spirit will teach you at that time what you should say . ”
0	but jesus said to him , “ who said i should be your judge or decide how to divide your father ’ s things between you two ? ”
0	then jesus said to them , “ be careful and guard against all kinds of greed . people do not get life from the many things they own . ”
0	then jesus used this story : “ there was a rich man who had some land . his land grew a very good crop of food .
0	he thought to himself , ‘ what will i do ? i have no place to keep all my crops . ’
0	“ this is how it will be for anyone who saves things only for himself . to god that person is not rich . ”
0	life is more important than food , and the body is more important than what you put on it .
0	none of you can add any time to your life by worrying about it .
0	and if you can ’ t do the little things , why worry about the big things ?
0	“ so don ’ t always think about what you will eat or what you will drink . don ’ t worry about it .
0	that ’ s what all those people who don ’ t know god are always thinking about . but your father knows that you need these things .
0	what you should be thinking about is god ’ s kingdom . then he will give you all these other things you need .
0	“ don ’ t fear , little flock . your father wants to share his kingdom with you .
0	your heart will be where your treasure is .
0	“ be ready ! be fully dressed and have your lights shining .
0	“ what would a homeowner do if he knew when a thief was coming ? you know he would not let the thief break in .
0	so you also must be ready , because the son of man will come at a time when you don ’ t expect him ! ”
0	peter said , “ lord , did you tell this story for us or for all people ? ”
0	when the master comes and finds him doing the work he gave him , it will be a day of blessing for that servant !
0	i can tell you without a doubt , the master will choose that servant to take care of everything he owns .
0	jesus continued speaking : “ i came to bring fire to the world . i wish it were already burning !
0	there is a kind of baptism that i must suffer through . i feel very troubled until it is finished .
0	do you think i came to give peace to the world ? no , i came to divide the world !
0	from now on , a family of five will be divided , three against two , and two against three .
0	a father and son will be divided :
0	when you feel the wind begin to blow from the south , you say , ‘ it will be a hot day. ’ and you are right .
0	you hypocrites ! you can understand the weather . why don ’ t you understand what is happening now ?
0	“ why can ’ t you decide for yourselves what is right ?
0	i tell you , you will not get out of there until you have paid every cent you owe . ”
0	jesus answered , “ do you think this happened to those people because they were more sinful than all other people from galilee ?
0	no , they were not . but if you don ’ t decide now to change your lives , you will all be destroyed like those people !
0	and what about those 18 people who died when the tower of siloam fell on them ? do you think they were more sinful than everyone else in jerusalem ?
0	they were not . but i tell you if you don ’ t decide now to change your lives , you will all be destroyed too ! ”
0	maybe the tree will have fruit on it next year . if it still does not produce , then you can cut it down . ’ ”
0	jesus taught in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
0	when jesus saw her , he called to her , “ woman , you have been made free from your sickness ! ”
0	he laid his hands on her , and immediately she was able to stand up straight . she began praising god .
0	the lord answered , “ you people are hypocrites ! all of you untie your work animals and lead them to drink water every day—even on the sabbath day .
0	when jesus said this , all those who were criticizing him felt ashamed of themselves . and all the people were happy for the wonderful things he was doing .
0	then jesus said , “ what is god ’ s kingdom like ? what can i compare it to ?
0	jesus said again , “ what can i compare god ’ s kingdom with ?
0	it is like yeast that a woman mixes into a big bowl of flour to make bread . the yeast makes all the dough rise . ”
0	jesus was teaching in every town and village . he continued to travel toward jerusalem .
0	someone said to him , “ lord , how many people will be saved ? only a few ? ”
0	then you will say , ‘ we ate and drank with you . you taught in the streets of our town . ’
0	people will come from the east , west , north , and south . they will sit down at the table in god ’ s kingdom .
0	just then some pharisees came to jesus and said , “ go away from here and hide . herod wants to kill you ! ”
0	after that i must go , because all prophets should die in jerusalem .
0	on a sabbath day , jesus went to the home of a leading pharisee to eat with him . the people there were all watching him very closely .
0	a man with a bad disease was there in front of him .
0	jesus said to the pharisees and experts in the law , “ is it right or wrong to heal on the sabbath day ? ”
0	but they would not answer his question . so he took the man and healed him . then he sent the man away .
0	the pharisees and teachers of the law could say nothing against what he said .
0	then jesus noticed that some of the guests were choosing the best places to sit . so he told this story :
0	“ when someone invites you to a wedding , don ’ t sit in the most important seat . they may have invited someone more important than you .
0	everyone who makes themselves important will be made humble . but everyone who makes themselves humble will be made important . ”
0	instead , when you give a feast , invite the poor , the crippled , and the blind .
0	jesus said to him , “ a man gave a big dinner . he invited many people .
0	when it was time to eat , he sent his servant to tell the guests , ‘ come . the food is ready . ’
0	another man said , ‘ i have just bought five pairs of work animals ; i must go and try them out . please excuse me . ’
0	a third man said , ‘ i just got married ; i can ’ t come . ’
0	i tell you , not one of those people i invited first will eat any of this food i prepared . ’ ”
0	many people were traveling with jesus . he said to them ,
0	whoever will not carry the cross that is given to them when they follow me can not be my follower .
0	they would say , ‘ this man began to build , but he was not able to finish . ’
0	“ it is the same for each of you . you must leave everything you have to follow me . if not , you can not be my follower .
0	“ salt is a good thing . but if the salt loses its salty taste , you can ’ t make it salty again .
0	it is worth nothing . you can ’ t even use it as dirt or dung . people just throw it away .
0	many tax collectors and sinners came to listen to jesus .
0	then the pharisees and the teachers of the law began to complain , “ look , this man welcomes sinners and even eats with them ! ”
0	then jesus told them this story :
0	and when you find it , you will be very happy . you will carry it
0	home , go to your friends and neighbors and say to them , ‘ be happy with me because i found my lost sheep ! ’
0	in the same way , it ’ s a happy time for the angels of god when one sinner decides to change . ”
0	then jesus said , “ there was a man who had two sons .
0	after he spent everything he had , there was a terrible famine throughout the country . he was hungry and needed money .
0	so he went and got a job with one of the people who lived there . the man sent him into the fields to feed pigs .
0	he was so hungry that he wanted to eat the food the pigs were eating . but no one gave him anything .
0	i will leave and go to my father . i will say to him : father , i have sinned against god and have done wrong to you .
0	i am no longer worthy to be called your son . but let me be like one of your hired workers . ’
0	so he left and went to his father .
0	and bring our best calf and kill it so that we can celebrate with plenty to eat .
0	“ the older son had been out in the field . when he came near the house , he heard the sound of music and dancing .
0	so he called to one of the servant boys and asked , ‘ what does all this mean ? ’
0	“ the older son was angry and would not go in to the party . so his father went out and begged him to come in .
0	but then this son of yours comes home after wasting your money on prostitutes , and you kill the best calf for him ! ’
0	“ his father said to him , ‘ oh , my son , you are always with me , and everything i have is yours .
0	whoever can be trusted with small things can also be trusted with big things . whoever is dishonest in little things will be dishonest in big things too .
0	if you can not be trusted with worldly riches , you will not be trusted with the true riches .
0	and if you can not be trusted with the things that belong to someone else , you will not be given anything of your own .
0	the pharisees were listening to all these things . they criticized jesus because they all loved money .
0	but even the smallest part of a letter in the law can not be changed . it would be easier for heaven and earth to pass away .
0	there was also a very poor man named lazarus . lazarus ’ body was covered with sores . he was often put by the rich man ’ s gate .
0	lazarus wanted only to eat the scraps of food left on the floor under the rich man ’ s table . and the dogs came and licked his sores .
0	“ later , lazarus died . the angels took him and placed him in the arms of abraham . the rich man also died and was buried .
0	he was sent to the place of death and was in great pain . he saw abraham far away with lazarus in his arms .
0	“ the rich man said , ‘ then please , father abraham , send lazarus to my father ’ s house on earth .
0	i have five brothers . he could warn my brothers so that they will not come to this place of pain . ’
0	“ but abraham said , ‘ they have the law of moses and the writings of the prophets to read ; let them learn from that . ’
0	jesus said to his followers , “ things will surely happen that will make people sin . but it will be very bad for anyone who makes this happen .
0	even if they do something wrong to you seven times in one day , but they say they are sorry each time , you should forgive them . ”
0	the apostles said to the lord , “ give us more faith ! ”
0	the servant should not get any special thanks for doing his job . he is only doing what his master told him to do .
0	jesus was traveling to jerusalem . he went from galilee to samaria .
0	he came into a small town , and ten men met him there . they did not come close to him , because they all had leprosy .
0	but the men shouted , “ jesus ! master ! please help us ! ”
0	when jesus saw the men , he said , “ go and show yourselves to the priests . ”
0	when one of them saw that he was healed , he went back to jesus . he praised god loudly .
0	he bowed down at jesus ’ feet and thanked him . ( he was a samaritan . )
0	jesus said , “ ten men were healed ; where are the other nine ?
0	this man is not even one of our people . is he the only one who came back to give praise to god ? ”
0	then jesus said to the man , “ stand up ! you can go . you were healed because you believed . ”
0	some of the pharisees asked jesus , “ when will god ’ s kingdom come ? ”
0	“ when the son of man comes again , you will know it . on that day he will shine like lightning flashes across the sky .
0	but first , the son of man must suffer many things . the people of today will refuse to accept him .
0	“ when the son of man comes again , it will be the same as it was when noah lived .
0	people were eating , drinking , and getting married even on the day when noah entered the boat . then the flood came and killed them all .
0	they were doing these things even on the day when lot left town . then fire and sulfur rained down from the sky and killed them all .
0	this is exactly how it will be when the son of man comes again .
0	remember what happened to lot ’ s wife !
0	“ whoever tries to keep the life they have will lose it . but whoever gives up their life will save it .
0	that night there may be two people sleeping in one room . one will be taken and the other will be left .
0	there may be two women working together . one will be taken and the other will be left . ”
0	the followers asked jesus , “ where will this be , lord ? ”
0	then jesus taught the followers that they should always pray and never lose hope . he used this story to teach them :
0	“ once there was a judge in a town . he did not care about god . he also did not care what people thought about him .
0	the lord said , “ listen , there is meaning in what the bad judge said .
0	god ’ s people shout to him night and day , and he will always give them what is right . he will not be slow to answer them .
0	there were some people who thought they were very good and looked down on everyone else . jesus used this story to teach them :
0	“ one time there was a pharisee and a tax collector . one day they both went to the temple to pray .
0	i fast twice a week , and i give a tenth of everything i get ! ’
0	the truth is , you must accept god ’ s kingdom like a little child accepts things , or you will never enter it . ”
0	a religious leader asked jesus , “ good teacher , what must i do to get eternal life ? ”
0	jesus said to him , “ why do you call me good ? only god is good .
0	but the leader said , “ i have obeyed all these commands since i was a boy . ”
0	when jesus saw that the man was sad , he said , “ it will be very hard for rich people to enter god ’ s kingdom .
0	it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter god ’ s kingdom . ”
0	when the people heard this , they said , “ then who can be saved ? ”
0	jesus answered , “ god can do things that are not possible for people to do . ”
0	peter said , “ look , we left everything we had and followed you . ”
0	jesus said , “ i can promise that everyone who has left their home , wife , brothers , parents , or children for god ’ s kingdom
0	he will be handed over to the foreigners , who will laugh at him , insult him , and spit on him .
0	they will beat him with whips and then kill him . but on the third day after his death , he will rise to life again . ”
0	the apostles tried to understand this , but they could not ; the meaning was hidden from them .
0	jesus came near the city of jericho . there was a blind man sitting beside the road . he was begging people for money .
0	when he heard the people coming down the road , he asked , “ what is happening ? ”
0	they told him , “ jesus , the one from nazareth , is coming here . ”
0	the blind man was excited and said , “ jesus , son of david , please help me ! ”
0	jesus stopped there and said , “ bring that man to me ! ” when he came close , jesus asked him ,
0	“ what do you want me to do for you ? ”
0	jesus said to him , “ you can see now . you are healed because you believed . ”
0	then the man was able to see . he followed jesus , thanking god . everyone who saw this praised god for what happened .
0	jesus was going through the city of jericho .
0	in jericho there was a man named zacchaeus . he was a wealthy , very important tax collector .
0	he wanted to see who jesus was . there were many others who wanted to see jesus too . zacchaeus was too short to see above the people .
0	so he ran to a place where he knew jesus would come . then he climbed a sycamore tree so he could see him .
0	zacchaeus hurried and came down . he was happy to have jesus in his house .
0	everyone saw this . they began to complain , “ look at the kind of man jesus is staying with . zacchaeus is a sinner ! ”
0	the son of man came to find lost people and save them . ”
0	the first servant came and said , ‘ sir , i earned ten bags of money with the one bag you gave me . ’
0	“ the second servant said , ‘ sir , with your one bag of money i earned five bags . ’
0	the king said to this servant , ‘ you can rule over five cities . ’
0	“ the men said to the king , ‘ but sir , that servant already has ten bags of money . ’
0	after jesus said these things , he continued traveling toward jerusalem .
0	he came near bethphage and bethany , towns near the hill called the mount of olives . he sent out two of his followers .
0	if anyone asks you why you are taking the donkey , you should say , ‘ the master needs it . ’ ”
0	the two followers went into town . they found the donkey exactly like jesus told them .
0	they untied it , but its owners came out . they said to the followers , “ why are you untying our donkey ? ”
0	the followers answered , “ the master needs it . ”
0	so the followers brought the donkey to jesus . they put their coats on its back . then they put jesus on the donkey .
0	he rode along the road toward jerusalem . the followers spread their coats on the road before him .
0	some of the pharisees said to jesus , “ teacher , tell your followers not to say these things . ”
0	but jesus answered , “ i tell you , if my followers didn ’ t say them , these stones would shout them . ”
0	jesus came near jerusalem . looking at the city , he began to cry for it
0	and said , “ i wish you knew today what would bring you peace . but it is hidden from you now .
0	a time is coming when your enemies will build a wall around you and hold you in on all sides .
0	jesus went into the temple area . he began to throw out the people who were selling things there .
0	but they did not know how they could do it , because everyone was listening to him . the people were very interested in what jesus said .
0	they said , “ tell us what authority you have to do these things . who gave you this authority ? ”
0	jesus answered , “ i will ask you a question too . tell me :
0	when john baptized people , did his authority come from god or was it only from other people ? ”
0	so they answered , “ we don ’ t know the answer . ”
0	so jesus said to them , “ then i will not tell you who gave me the authority to do these things . ”
0	so the man sent another servant . they beat this servant too and showed no respect for him . they sent the servant away with nothing .
0	so the man sent a third servant to the farmers . they hurt this servant badly and threw him out .
0	so the farmers threw the son out of the vineyard and killed him .
0	he will come and kill those farmers . then he will lease the land to some other farmers . ”
0	but jesus looked into their eyes and said , “ then what does this verse mean :
0	everyone who falls on that stone will be broken . if that stone falls on you , it will crush you ! ”
0	tell us , is it right for us to pay taxes to caesar or not ? ”
0	but jesus knew that these men were trying to trick him . he said to them ,
0	“ show me a silver coin . whose name and picture are on it ? ”
0	he said to them , “ then give to caesar what belongs to caesar , and give to god what belongs to god . ”
0	some sadducees came to jesus . ( sadducees believe that people will not rise from death . ) they asked him ,
0	one time there were seven brothers . the first brother married a woman but died . he had no children .
0	then the second brother married the woman , and he died .
0	and the third brother married the woman , and he died . the same thing happened with all the other brothers . they all died and had no children .
0	the woman was the last to die .
0	but all seven brothers married her . so when people rise from death , whose wife will this woman be ? ”
0	jesus said to the sadducees , “ on earth , people marry each other .
0	some people will be worthy to be raised from death and live again after this life . in that life they will not marry .
0	in that life people are like angels and can not die . they are children of god , because they have been raised from death .
0	so they were not still dead , because he is the god only of living people . yes , to god they are all still living . ”
0	some of the teachers of the law said , “ teacher , your answer was very good . ”
0	no one was brave enough to ask him another question .
0	then jesus said , “ why do people say that the messiah is the son of david ?
0	in the book of psalms , david himself says ,
0	and i will put your enemies under your power . ’
0	david calls the messiah ‘ lord. ’ so how can the messiah also be david ’ s son ? ”
0	while all the people were listening to jesus , he said to his followers ,
0	but they cheat widows and take their homes . then they try to make themselves look good by saying long prayers . god will punish them very much . ”
0	jesus looked up and saw some rich people putting their gifts to god into the temple collection box .
0	then he saw a poor widow put two small copper coins into the box .
0	he said , “ this poor widow gave only two small coins . but the truth is , she gave more than all those rich people .
0	some followers asked jesus , “ teacher , when will these things happen ? what will show us that it is time for these things to happen ? ”
0	when you hear about wars and riots , don ’ t be afraid . these things must happen first . then the end will come later . ”
0	then jesus said to them , “ nations will fight against other nations . kingdoms will fight against other kingdoms .
0	but this will give you an opportunity to tell about me .
0	decide now not to worry about what you will say .
0	i will give you the wisdom to say things that none of your enemies can answer .
0	even your parents , brothers , relatives , and friends will turn against you . they will have some of you killed .
0	everyone will hate you because you follow me .
0	but none of these things can really harm you .
0	you will save yourselves by continuing strong in your faith through all these things .
0	“ you will see armies all around jerusalem . then you will know that the time for its destruction has come .
0	the prophets wrote many things about the time when god will punish his people . the time i am talking about is when all these things must happen .
0	they will be afraid and worried about what will happen to the world . everything in the sky will be changed .
0	then people will see the son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory .
0	when these things begin to happen , stand up tall and don ’ t be afraid . know that it is almost time for god to free you ! ”
0	then jesus told this story : “ look at all the trees . the fig tree is a good example .
0	when it turns green , you know that summer is very near .
0	in the same way , when you see all these things happening , you will know that god ’ s kingdom is very near .
0	“ i assure you that all these things will happen while some of the people of this time are still living .
0	the whole world , earth and sky , will be destroyed , but my words will last forever .
0	it will come as a surprise to everyone on earth .
0	during the day jesus taught the people in the temple area . at night he went out of the city and stayed all night on the mount of olives .
0	every morning all the people got up early to go listen to jesus at the temple .
0	it was almost time for the jewish festival of unleavened bread , called the passover .
0	one of jesus ’ twelve apostles was named judas iscariot . satan entered him ,
0	the priests were very happy about this . they promised to give judas money for doing this .
0	the day of unleavened bread came . this was the day when the jews always killed the lambs for the passover .
0	jesus said to peter and john , “ go and prepare the passover meal for us to eat . ”
0	they said to him , “ where do you want us to prepare the meal ? ”
0	“ when you go into the city , you will see a man carrying a jar of water . follow him . he will go into a house .
0	tell the owner of the house , ‘ the teacher asks that you please show us the room where he and his followers can eat the passover meal . ’
0	then the owner will show you a large room upstairs that is ready for us . prepare the meal there . ”
0	so peter and john left . everything happened the way jesus said . so they prepared the passover meal .
0	the time came for them to eat the passover meal . jesus and the apostles were together at the table .
0	jesus said to them , “ i wanted very much to eat this passover meal with you before i die .
0	i will never eat another passover meal until it is given its full meaning in god ’ s kingdom . ”
0	then jesus took a cup of wine . he gave thanks to god for it and said , “ take this cup and give it to everyone here .
0	i will never drink wine again until god ’ s kingdom comes . ”
0	jesus said , “ but here on this table is the hand of the one who will hand me over to my enemies .
0	then the apostles asked each other , “ which one of us would do that ? ”
0	later , the apostles began to argue about which one of them was the most important .
0	“ you men have stayed with me through many struggles .
0	so i give you authority to rule with me in the kingdom the father has given me .
0	you will eat and drink at my table in that kingdom . you will sit on thrones and judge the twelve tribes of israel .
0	“ satan has asked to test you men like a farmer tests his wheat . o simon , simon ,
0	i have prayed that you will not lose your faith ! help your brothers be stronger when you come back to me . ”
0	but peter said to jesus , “ lord , i am ready to go to jail with you . i will even die with you ! ”
0	then jesus said to the apostles , “ remember when i sent you out without money , a bag , or sandals ? did you need anything ? ”
0	the followers said , “ look , lord , here are two swords . ”
0	then jesus went about 50 steps away from them . he knelt down and prayed ,
0	then an angel from heaven came to help him .
0	jesus was full of pain ; he struggled hard in prayer . sweat dripped from his face like drops of blood falling to the ground .
0	when he finished praying , he went to his followers . he found them asleep , worn out from their grieving .
0	jesus said to them , “ why are you sleeping ? get up and pray for strength against temptation . ”
0	but jesus said to him , “ judas , are you using the kiss of friendship to hand over the son of man to his enemies ? ”
0	the followers of jesus were standing there too . they saw what was happening and said to jesus , “ lord , should we use our swords ? ”
0	and one of them did use his sword . he cut off the right ear of the servant of the high priest .
0	jesus said , “ stop ! ” then he touched the servant ’ s ear and healed him .
0	they arrested jesus and took him away to the house of the high priest . peter followed jesus but stayed back at a distance .
0	the soldiers started a fire in the middle of the yard and sat together . peter sat with them .
0	but peter said this was not true . he said , “ lady , i don ’ t know him . ”
0	a short time later , someone else saw peter and said , “ you are also one of them . ”
0	but peter said , “ man , i don ’ t know what you are talking about ! ”
0	then peter went outside and cried bitterly .
0	the men guarding jesus made fun of him and beat him .
0	and they shouted all kinds of insults at him .
0	they said , “ if you are the messiah , then tell us that you are . ”
0	and if i ask you , you will not answer .
0	but beginning now , the son of man will sit at the right side of god all-powerful . ”
0	they all said , “ then are you the son of god ? ” jesus said to them , “ you are right in saying that i am . ”
0	they said , “ why do we need witnesses now ? we all heard what he said ! ”
0	then the whole group stood up and led jesus away to pilate .
0	pilate asked jesus , “ are you the king of the jews ? ”
0	pilate said to the leading priests and the people , “ i find nothing wrong with this man . ”
0	but they kept on saying , “ his teaching is causing trouble all over judea . he began in galilee , and now he is here ! ”
0	pilate heard this and asked if jesus was from galilee .
0	he learned that jesus was under herod ’ s authority . herod was in jerusalem at that time , so pilate sent jesus to him .
0	he asked him many questions , but jesus said nothing .
0	the leading priests and teachers of the law were standing there shouting things against jesus .
0	in the past pilate and herod had always been enemies . but on that day they became friends .
0	pilate called all the people together with the leading priests and the jewish leaders .
0	herod didn ’ t find him guilty either . he sent him back to us . look , he has done nothing bad enough for the death penalty .
0	so , after i punish him a little , i will let him go free . ”
0	but they all shouted , “ kill him ! let barabbas go free ! ”
0	( barabbas was a man who was in jail for starting a riot in the city and for murder . )
0	pilate wanted to let jesus go free . so again pilate told them that he would let him go .
0	but they shouted again , “ kill him ! kill him on a cross ! ”
0	but the people continued to shout . they demanded that jesus be killed on a cross . their shouting got so loud that
0	pilate decided to give them what they wanted .
0	a large crowd followed jesus . some of the women were sad and crying . they felt sorry for him .
0	but jesus turned and said to the women , “ women of jerusalem , don ’ t cry for me . cry for yourselves and for your children too .
0	then the people will say to the mountains , ‘ fall on us ! ’ they will say to the hills , ‘ cover us ! ’
0	if this can happen to someone who is good , what will happen to those who are guilty ? ”
0	there were also two criminals led out with jesus to be killed .
0	jesus said , “ father , forgive them . they don ’ t know what they are doing . ”
0	even the soldiers laughed at jesus and made fun of him . they came and offered him some sour wine .
0	they said , “ if you are the king of the jews , save yourself ! ”
0	( at the top of the cross these words were written : “ this is the king of the jews . ” )
0	but the other criminal stopped him . he said , “ you should fear god . all of us will die soon .
0	you and i are guilty . we deserve to die because we did wrong . but this man has done nothing wrong . ”
0	then he said , “ jesus , remember me when you begin ruling as king ! ”
0	then jesus said to him , “ i promise you , today you will be with me in paradise . ”
0	it was about noon , but it turned dark throughout the land until three o ’ clock in the afternoon ,
0	because the sun stopped shining . the curtain in the temple was torn into two pieces .
0	jesus shouted , “ father , i put my life in your hands ! ” after jesus said this , he died .
0	the army officer there saw what happened . he praised god , saying , “ i know this man was a good man ! ”
0	many people had come out of the city to see all this . when they saw it , they felt very sorry and left .
0	he went to pilate and asked for the body of jesus .
0	it was late on preparation day . when the sun went down , the sabbath day would begin .
0	the women who had come from galilee with jesus followed joseph . they saw the tomb . inside they saw where he put jesus ’ body .
0	then they left to prepare some sweet-smelling spices to put on the body .
0	very early sunday morning , the women came to the tomb where jesus ’ body was laid . they brought the sweet-smelling spices they had prepared .
0	they saw that the heavy stone that covered the entrance had been rolled away .
0	they went in , but they did not find the body of the lord jesus .
0	they did not understand this . while they were wondering about it , two men in shining clothes stood beside them .
0	jesus is not here . he has risen from death . do you remember what he said in galilee ?
0	then the women remembered what jesus had said .
0	the women left the tomb and went to the eleven apostles and the other followers . they told them everything that happened at the tomb .
0	these women were mary magdalene , joanna , mary , the mother of james , and some others . they told the apostles everything that happened .
0	but the apostles did not believe what they said . it sounded like nonsense .
0	that same day two of jesus ’ followers were going to a town named emmaus . it is about seven miles from jerusalem .
0	they were talking about everything that had happened .
0	while they were talking , discussing these things , jesus himself came near and walked with them .
0	( but the two men were not allowed to recognize jesus . )
0	he asked them , “ what ’ s this i hear you discussing with each other as you walk ? ”
0	the one named cleopas said , “ you must be the only person in jerusalem who doesn ’ t know what has just happened there . ”
0	jesus said , “ what are you talking about ? ”
0	but our leaders and the leading priests handed him over to be judged and killed . they nailed him to a cross .
0	we were hoping that he would be the one to free israel . but then all this happened .
0	but today some of our women told us an amazing thing . early this morning they went to the tomb where the body of jesus was laid .
0	then jesus said to the two men , “ you are foolish and slow to realize what is true . you should believe everything the prophets said .
0	the prophets said the messiah must suffer these things before he begins his time of glory . ”
0	they came near the town of emmaus , and jesus acted as if he did not plan to stop there .
0	joining them at the supper table , jesus took some bread and gave thanks . then he broke some off and gave it to them .
0	just then the men were allowed to recognize him . but when they saw who he was , he disappeared .
0	said , “ the lord really has risen from death ! he appeared to simon . ”
0	then the two men told what had happened on the road . they talked about how they recognized jesus when he shared the bread with them .
0	this surprised the followers . they were afraid . they thought they were seeing a ghost .
0	but jesus said , “ why are you troubled ? why do you doubt what you see ?
0	after jesus told them this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
0	they gave him a piece of cooked fish .
0	while the followers watched , he took the fish and ate it .
0	then jesus helped the followers understand these scriptures about him .
0	jesus said to them , “ it is written that the messiah would be killed and rise from death on the third day .
0	remember that i will send you the one my father promised . stay in the city until you are given that power from heaven . ”
0	jesus led his followers out of jerusalem almost to bethany . he raised his hands and blessed his followers .
0	while he was blessing them , he was separated from them and carried into heaven .
0	they worshiped him and went back to jerusalem very happy .
0	they stayed at the temple all the time , praising god .
0	this is a message from the lord to israel . god used malachi to tell this message to the people .
0	the lord said , “ i love you people . ”
0	and i did not accept esau . i destroyed his hill country . his country was destroyed , and now only wild dogs live there . ”
0	the people of edom might say , “ we were destroyed , but we will go back and rebuild our cities . ”
0	you people saw these things , and you said , “ the lord is great , even outside of israel ! ”
0	“ you bring unclean bread to my altar .
0	“ priests , this rule is for you .
0	the lord will remove them from judah ’ s family . they might bring gifts to the lord all-powerful—but it will not help .
0	then the lord will accept the gifts from judah and jerusalem . it will be as it was in the past—as the time long ago .
0	“ i am the lord , and i don ’ t change . you are jacob ’ s children , and you have not been completely destroyed .
0	“ people should not steal things from god , but you stole things from me .
0	in this way your whole nation has stolen things from me , so bad things are happening to you . ”
0	i will not let pests destroy your crops . all your grapevines will produce grapes. ” this is what the lord all-powerful said .
0	“ people from other nations will be good to you . you will have a wonderful country. ” this is what the lord all-powerful said .
0	the lord says , “ you said cruel things to me . ”
0	we think proud people are happy . evil people succeed . they do evil things to test god ’ s patience , and god does not punish them . ”
0	“ look , i will send elijah the prophet to you . he will come before that great and terrible time of judgment from the lord .
0	the good news about jesus the messiah , the son of god , begins
0	with what the prophet isaiah said would happen . he wrote :
0	“ there is someone shouting in the desert :
0	john wore clothes made from camel ’ s hair and a leather belt around his waist . he ate locusts and wild honey .
0	i baptize you with water , but the one who is coming will baptize you with the holy spirit . ”
0	about that time jesus came from the town of nazareth in galilee to the place where john was . john baptized jesus in the jordan river .
0	as jesus was coming up out of the water , he saw the sky torn open . the spirit came down on him like a dove .
0	a voice came from heaven and said , “ you are my son , the one i love . i am very pleased with you . ”
0	then the spirit sent jesus into the desert alone .
0	he was there for 40 days , being tempted by satan . during this time he was out among the wild animals . then angels came and helped him .
0	after john was put in prison , jesus went into galilee and told people the good news from god .
0	so they immediately left their nets and followed jesus .
0	jesus and his followers went to capernaum . on the sabbath day , jesus went into the synagogue and taught the people .
0	they were amazed at his teaching . he did not teach like their teachers of the law . he taught like someone with authority .
0	while jesus was in the synagogue , a man was there who had an evil spirit inside him . the man shouted ,
0	“ jesus of nazareth ! what do you want with us ? did you come to destroy us ? i know who you are—god ’ s holy one ! ”
0	jesus , his voice full of warning , said , “ be quiet , and come out of him ! ”
0	the evil spirit made the man shake . then the spirit made a loud noise and came out of him .
0	so the news about jesus spread quickly everywhere in the area of galilee .
0	jesus and the followers left the synagogue . they all went with james and john to the home of simon and andrew .
0	simon ’ s mother-in-law was very sick . she was in bed and had a fever . the people there told jesus about her .
0	that night , after the sun went down , the people brought to jesus many who were sick . they also brought those who had demons inside them .
0	everyone in the town gathered at the door of that house .
0	later , simon and his friends went to look for jesus .
0	they found him and said , “ everyone is looking for you ! ”
0	so jesus traveled everywhere in galilee . he spoke in the synagogues , and he forced demons out of people .
0	these last words made jesus angry . but he touched him and said , “ i want to heal you . be healed ! ”
0	immediately the leprosy disappeared , and the man was healed .
0	jesus told the man to go , but he gave him a strong warning :
0	a few days later , jesus came back to capernaum . the news spread that he was back home .
0	some people brought a paralyzed man to see him . he was being carried by four of them .
0	when jesus saw how much faith they had , he said to the paralyzed man , “ young man , your sins are forgiven . ”
0	some of the teachers of the law were sitting there . they saw what jesus did , and they said to themselves ,
0	“ why does this man say things like that ? what an insult to god ! no one but god can forgive sins . ”
0	jesus knew immediately what these teachers of the law were thinking . so he said to them , “ why do you have these questions in your minds ?
0	“ i tell you , stand up . take your mat and go home . ”
0	jesus went to the lake again , and many people followed him there . so jesus taught them .
0	but the time will come when the bridegroom will be taken from them . then they will fast .
0	on the sabbath day , jesus and his followers were walking through some grain fields . the followers picked some grain to eat .
0	some pharisees said to jesus , “ why are your followers doing this ? it is against the law to pick grain on the sabbath . ”
0	jesus answered , “ you have read what david did when he and the people with him were hungry and needed food .
0	then jesus said to the pharisees , “ the sabbath day was made to help people . people were not made to be ruled by the sabbath .
0	so the son of man is lord of every day , even the sabbath . ”
0	another time jesus went into the synagogue . in the synagogue there was a man with a crippled hand .
0	jesus said to the man with the crippled hand , “ stand up here so that everyone can see you . ”
0	then the pharisees left and made plans with the herodians about a way to kill jesus .
0	jesus went away with his followers to the lake . a large crowd of people from galilee followed them .
0	he had healed many of them , so all the sick people were pushing toward him to touch him .
0	but jesus gave the spirits a strong warning not to tell anyone who he was .
0	then jesus went up on a hill and invited those he wanted to go with him . so they joined him there .
0	he also wanted them to have the power to force demons out of people .
0	these are the names of the twelve men jesus chose :
0	james and his brother john , the sons of zebedee ( the ones jesus named boanerges , which means “ sons of thunder ” ) ,
0	judas iscariot ( the one who handed jesus over to his enemies ) .
0	then jesus went home , but again a large crowd gathered there . there were so many people that he and his followers could not eat .
0	his family heard about all these things . they went to get him because people said he was crazy .
0	so jesus called them together and talked to them using some stories . he said , “ satan will not force his own demons out of people .
0	a kingdom that fights against itself will not survive .
0	and a family that is divided will not survive .
0	if satan is against himself and is fighting against his own people , he will not survive . that would be the end of satan .
0	but anyone who speaks against the holy spirit will never be forgiven . they will always be guilty of that sin . ”
0	jesus said this because the teachers of the law had accused him of having an evil spirit inside him .
0	then jesus ’ mother and brothers came . they stood outside and sent someone in to tell him to come out .
0	many people were sitting around jesus . they said to him , “ your mother , your brothers , and your sisters are waiting for you outside . ”
0	jesus asked , “ who is my mother ? who are my brothers ? ”
0	then he looked at the people sitting around him and said , “ these people are my mother and my brothers !
0	my true brother and sister and mother are those who do what god wants . ”
0	jesus used stories to teach them many things . one of his lessons included this story :
0	“ listen ! a farmer went out to sow seed .
0	while he was scattering the seed , some of it fell by the road . the birds came and ate all that seed .
0	other seed fell on rocky ground , where there was not enough dirt . it grew quickly there because the soil was not deep .
0	but then the sun rose and the plants were burned . they died because they did not have deep roots .
0	some other seed fell among thorny weeds . the weeds grew and stopped the good plants from growing . so they did not make grain .
0	then jesus said , “ you people who hear me , listen ! ”
0	later , jesus was away from the people . the twelve apostles and his other followers asked him about the stories .
0	jesus said , “ only you can know the secret truth about god ’ s kingdom . but to those other people i tell everything by using stories .
0	i do this so that
0	then jesus said to the followers , “ do you understand this story ? if you don ’ t , how will you understand any story ?
0	the farmer is like someone who plants god ’ s teaching in people .
0	“ other people are like the seed planted on rocky ground . they hear the teaching , and they quickly and gladly accept it .
0	“ others are like the seed planted among the thorny weeds . they hear the teaching ,
0	everything that is hidden will be made clear . every secret thing will be made known .
0	you people who hear me , listen !
0	the people who have some understanding will receive more . but those who do not have much will lose even the small amount they have . ”
0	then jesus said , “ god ’ s kingdom is like a man who plants seed in the ground .
0	without any help the ground produces grain . first the plant grows , then the head , and then all the grain in the head .
0	when the grain is ready , the man cuts it . this is the harvest time . ”
0	then jesus said , “ what can i use to show you what god ’ s kingdom is like ? what story can i use to explain it ?
0	god ’ s kingdom is like a mustard seed , which is smaller than any other seed on earth that you can plant .
0	jesus used many stories like these to teach the people . he taught them all they could understand .
0	he always used stories to teach them . but when he was alone with his followers , jesus explained everything to them .
0	that day , at evening , jesus said to his followers , “ come with me across the lake . ”
0	so they left the crowd behind and went with jesus in the boat he was already in . there were also other boats that went with them .
0	a very bad wind came up on the lake . the waves were coming over the sides and into the boat , and it was almost full of water .
0	he said to his followers , “ why are you afraid ? do you still have no faith ? ”
0	they were very afraid and asked each other , “ what kind of man is this ? even the wind and the water obey him ! ”
0	jesus and his followers went across the lake to the area where the gerasene people lived .
0	he lived in the burial caves . no one could keep him tied up , even with chains .
0	many times people had put chains on his hands and feet , but he broke the chains . no one was strong enough to control him .
0	day and night he stayed around the burial caves and on the hills . he would scream and cut himself with rocks .
0	while jesus was still far away , the man saw him . he ran to jesus and bowed down before him .
0	then jesus asked the man , “ what is your name ? ”
0	the spirits inside the man begged jesus again and again not to send them out of that area .
0	a large herd of pigs was eating on a hill near there .
0	the evil spirits begged jesus , “ send us to the pigs . let us go into them . ”
0	then the people began to beg jesus to leave their area .
0	jesus was preparing to leave in the boat . the man who was now free from the demons begged to go with him .
0	so the man left and told the people in the ten towns about the great things jesus did for him . everyone was amazed .
0	jesus went back to the other side of the lake in the boat . there , a large crowd of people gathered around him on the shore .
0	a leader of the synagogue came . his name was jairus . he saw jesus and bowed down before him .
0	so jesus went with jairus . many people followed jesus . they were pushing very close around him .
0	there among the people was a woman who had been bleeding for the past twelve years .
0	the woman heard about jesus , so she followed him with the other people and touched his coat .
0	she thought , “ if i can just touch his clothes , that will be enough to heal me . ”
0	as soon as she touched his coat , her bleeding stopped . she felt that her body was healed from all the suffering .
0	jesus immediately felt power go out from him , so he stopped and turned around . “ who touched my clothes ? ” he asked .
0	the followers said to jesus , “ there are so many people pushing against you . but you ask , ‘ who touched me ? ’ ”
0	but jesus continued looking for the one who touched him .
0	he said to her , “ dear woman , you are made well because you believed . go in peace . you will not suffer anymore . ”
0	but jesus did not care what the men said . he said to the synagogue leader , “ don ’ t be afraid ; just believe . ”
0	jesus let only peter , james , and john the brother of james go with him .
0	they went to the synagogue leader ’ s house , where jesus saw many people crying loudly . there was a lot of confusion .
0	but everyone laughed at him .
0	the girl immediately stood up and began walking . ( she was twelve years old . ) the father and mother and the followers were amazed .
0	jesus gave the father and mother very strict orders not to tell people about this . then he told them to give the girl some food to eat .
0	jesus left and went back to his hometown . his followers went with him .
0	jesus was not able to do any miracles there except the healing of some sick people by laying his hands on them .
0	he was surprised that the people there had no faith . then he went to other villages in that area and taught .
0	jesus called his twelve apostles together . he sent them out in groups of two and gave them power over evil spirits .
0	this is what he told them : “ take nothing for your trip except a stick for walking . take no bread , no bag , and no money .
0	you can wear sandals , but don ’ t take extra clothes .
0	when you enter a house , stay there until you leave that town .
0	the apostles left and went to other places . they talked to the people and told them to change their hearts and lives .
0	they forced many demons out of people and put olive oil on many who were sick and healed them .
0	other people said , “ he is elijah . ”
0	herod heard these things about jesus . he said , “ i killed john by cutting off his head . now he has been raised from death ! ”
0	john told herod , “ it is not right for you to be married to your brother ’ s wife . ”
0	so herodias hated john . she wanted him dead , but she was not able to persuade herod to kill him .
0	the daughter of herodias came to the party and danced . when she danced , herod and the people eating with him were very pleased .
0	he promised her , “ anything you ask for i will give to you—even half of my kingdom . ”
0	the girl went to her mother and asked , “ what should i ask king herod to give me ? ”
0	king herod was very sad , but he didn ’ t want to break the promise he had made to her in front of his guests .
0	he brought the head back on a plate and gave it to the girl , and the girl gave it to her mother .
0	john ’ s followers heard about what happened , so they came and got john ’ s body and put it in a tomb .
0	the apostles jesus had sent out came back to him . they gathered around him and told him about all they had done and taught .
0	so jesus and his followers went away alone . they went in a boat to a place where no one lived .
0	so send the people away . they need to go to the farms and towns around here to buy some food to eat . ”
0	but jesus answered , “ you give them some food to eat . ”
0	jesus asked them , “ how many loaves of bread do you have now ? go and see . ”
0	then jesus said to them , “ tell everyone to sit in groups on the green grass . ”
0	so all the people sat in groups . there were about 50 or 100 people in each group .
0	they all ate until they were full .
0	after they finished eating , the followers filled twelve baskets with the pieces of bread and fish that were left .
0	there were about 5000 men there who ate .
0	after he said goodbye to them , he went up into the hills to pray .
0	that night , the boat was still in the middle of the lake . jesus was alone on the land .
0	but the followers saw jesus walking on the water . they thought he was a ghost , and they started screaming .
0	when he got into the boat with the followers , the wind stopped . the followers were completely amazed .
0	they could not believe what happened . it was like the miracle he did with the bread . they still didn ’ t understand what that meant .
0	jesus and his followers went across the lake and came to shore at gennesaret . they tied the boat there .
0	when they were out of the boat , the people there saw jesus . they knew who he was ,
0	so they ran to tell others throughout that area . they brought sick people on mats to every place jesus went .
0	some pharisees and some teachers of the law came from jerusalem and gathered around jesus .
0	they saw that some of his followers ate food with hands that were not clean , meaning that they did not wash their hands in a special way .
0	jesus answered , “ you are all hypocrites . isaiah was right when he wrote these words from god about you :
0	their worship of me is worthless .
0	you have stopped following god ’ s commands , preferring instead the man-made rules you got from others . ”
0	then he said , “ you show great skill in avoiding the commands of god so that you can follow your own teachings !
0	you are telling people that they do not have to do anything for their father or mother .
0	jesus called the people to him again . he said , “ everyone should listen to me and understand what i am saying .
0	there is nothing people can put in their mouth that will make them wrong . people are made wrong by what comes from inside them . ”
0	then jesus left the people and went into the house . the followers asked jesus about what he had told the people .
0	he said , “ do you still have trouble understanding ? surely you know that nothing that enters the mouth from the outside can make people unacceptable to god .
0	and jesus said , “ the things that make people wrong are the things that come from the inside .
0	all these bad things begin inside a person , in the mind : bad thoughts , sexual sins , stealing , murder ,
0	these evil things come from inside a person . and these are the things that make people unacceptable to god . ”
0	she was not a jew . she was born in phoenicia , an area in syria . she begged jesus to force the demon out of her daughter .
0	then he told her , “ that is a very good answer . you may go . the demon has left your daughter . ”
0	the woman went home and found her daughter lying on the bed . the demon was gone .
0	then jesus left the area around tyre and went through sidon . on his way to lake galilee he went through the area of the ten towns .
0	jesus looked up to the sky and with a loud sigh he said , “ ephphatha ! ” ( this means “ open ! ” )
0	as soon as jesus did this , the man was able to hear . he was able to use his tongue , and he began to speak clearly .
0	jesus told the people not to tell anyone about this . but the more he told them not to say anything , the more people they told .
0	another time there were many people with jesus . the people had nothing to eat . so he called his followers to him and said ,
0	“ i feel sorry for these people . they have been with me for three days , and now they have nothing to eat .
0	jesus ’ followers answered , “ but we are far away from any towns . where can we get enough bread to feed all these people ? ”
0	then jesus asked them , “ how many loaves of bread do you have ? ”
0	the followers also had a few small fish . jesus gave thanks for the fish and told them to give the fish to the people .
0	they all ate until they were full . then the followers filled seven baskets with the pieces of food that were left .
0	there were about 4000 men who ate . after they ate , jesus told them to go home .
0	then he went in a boat with his followers to the area of dalmanutha .
0	the pharisees came to jesus and asked him questions . they wanted to test him . so they asked him to do a miracle as a sign from god .
0	then jesus left them and went in the boat to the other side of the lake .
0	the followers had only one loaf of bread with them in the boat . they forgot to bring more bread .
0	jesus warned them , “ be careful ! guard against the yeast of the pharisees and the yeast of herod . ”
0	the followers discussed the meaning of this . they said , “ he said this because we have no bread . ”
0	i divided five loaves of bread for 5000 people . remember how many baskets you filled with pieces of food that were not eaten ? ”
0	“ and when i divided seven loaves of bread for 4000 people , how many baskets did you fill with the leftover pieces ? ”
0	then he said to them , “ you remember these things i did , but you still don ’ t understand ? ”
0	jesus and his followers came to bethsaida . some people brought a blind man to him and begged him to touch the man .
0	the man looked up and said , “ yes , i see people . they look like trees walking around . ”
0	jesus told him to go home . he said , “ don ’ t go into the town . ”
0	they answered , “ some people say you are john the baptizer . others say you are elijah . and others say you are one of the prophets . ”
0	then jesus asked , “ who do you say i am ? ”
0	jesus told the followers , “ don ’ t tell anyone who i am . ”
0	jesus told them everything that would happen . he did not keep anything secret .
0	it is worth nothing for you to have the whole world if you yourself are lost .
0	you could never pay enough to buy back your life .
0	his clothes became shining white—whiter than anyone on earth could make them .
0	then two men were there talking with jesus . they were elijah and moses .
0	peter did not know what to say , because he and the other two followers were so afraid .
0	the followers looked , but they saw only jesus there alone with them .
0	so the followers waited to say anything about what they saw . but they discussed among themselves what jesus meant about rising from death .
0	they asked him , “ why do the teachers of the law say that elijah must come first ? ”
0	when the people saw jesus , they were very surprised and ran to welcome him .
0	jesus asked , “ what are you arguing about with the teachers of the law ? ”
0	a man answered , “ teacher , i brought my son to you . he is controlled by an evil spirit that keeps him from talking .
0	jesus asked the boy ’ s father , “ how long has this been happening to him ? ”
0	jesus said to the father , “ why did you say ‘ if you can ’ ? all things are possible for the one who believes . ”
0	immediately the father shouted , “ i do believe . help me to believe more ! ”
0	but jesus took hold of his hand and helped him stand up .
0	jesus answered , “ that kind of spirit can be forced out only with prayer . ”
0	then jesus and his followers left there and went through galilee . jesus did not want the people to know where they were .
0	but the followers did not understand what he meant , and they were afraid to ask him .
0	but the followers did not answer , because their argument on the road was about which one of them was the greatest .
0	then jesus took a small child and stood the child in front of the followers . he held the child in his arms and said ,
0	“ whoever accepts children like these in my name is accepting me . and anyone who accepts me is also accepting the one who sent me . ”
0	jesus said , “ don ’ t stop him . whoever uses my name to do powerful things will not soon say bad things about me .
0	whoever is not against us is with us .
0	i can assure you that anyone who helps you by giving you a drink of water because you belong to the messiah will definitely get a reward .
0	the worms that eat the people in hell never die . the fire there is never stopped .
0	“ everyone will be salted with fire .
0	jesus answered , “ what did moses command you to do ? ”
0	the pharisees said , “ moses allowed a man to divorce his wife by writing a certificate of divorce . ”
0	jesus said , “ moses wrote that command for you because you refused to accept god ’ s teaching .
0	but when god made the world , ‘ he made people male and female . ’
0	‘ that is why a man will leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife .
0	and the two people will become one. ’ so they are no longer two , but one .
0	god has joined them together , so no one should separate them . ”
0	later , when the followers and jesus were in the house , they asked him again about the question of divorce .
0	he said , “ whoever divorces his wife and marries another woman has sinned against his wife . he is guilty of adultery .
0	and the woman who divorces her husband and marries another man is also guilty of adultery . ”
0	the truth is , you must accept god ’ s kingdom like a little child accepts things , or you will never enter it . ”
0	then jesus held the children in his arms . he laid his hands on them and blessed them .
0	jesus answered , “ why do you call me good ? only god is good .
0	the man said , “ teacher , i have obeyed all these commands since i was a boy . ”
0	then jesus looked at his followers and said to them , “ it will be very hard for a rich person to enter god ’ s kingdom ! ”
0	the followers were amazed at what jesus said . but he said again , “ my children , it is very hard to enter god ’ s kingdom !
0	it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter god ’ s kingdom ! ”
0	the followers were even more amazed and said to each other , “ then who can be saved ? ”
0	jesus looked at them and said , “ that is something people can not do , but god can . he can do anything . ”
0	peter said to jesus , “ we left everything to follow you ! ”
0	then james and john , sons of zebedee , came to jesus and said , “ teacher , we want to ask you to do something for us . ”
0	jesus asked , “ what do you want me to do for you ? ”
0	the sons answered , “ yes , we can ! ”
0	but it is not for me to say who will sit at my right or my left . god has prepared those places for the ones he chooses . ”
0	when the other ten followers heard this , they were angry with james and john .
0	but it should not be that way with you . whoever wants to be your leader must be your servant .
0	whoever wants to be first must serve the rest of you like a slave .
0	he heard that jesus from nazareth was walking by . so he began shouting , “ jesus , son of david , please help me ! ”
0	many people criticized the blind man and told him to be quiet . but he shouted more and more , “ son of david , please help me ! ”
0	jesus stopped and said , “ tell him to come here . ”
0	the blind man stood up quickly . he left his coat there and went to jesus .
0	jesus asked the man , “ what do you want me to do for you ? ”
0	jesus said , “ go . you are healed because you believed. ” immediately the man was able to see again . he followed jesus down the road .
0	if anyone asks you why you are taking the donkey , tell them , ‘ the master needs it . he will send it back soon . ’ ”
0	the followers went into the town . they found a young donkey tied in the street near the door of a house , and they untied it .
0	some people were standing there and saw this . they asked , “ what are you doing ? why are you untying that donkey ? ”
0	the followers answered the way jesus told them , and the people let them take the donkey .
0	the followers brought the donkey to jesus . they put their coats on it , and jesus sat on it .
0	many people spread their coats on the road for jesus . others cut branches in the fields and spread the branches on the road .
0	some of them were walking ahead of jesus . others were walking behind him . everyone shouted ,
0	“ god bless the kingdom of our father david .
0	the next day , jesus was leaving bethany . he was hungry .
0	so jesus said to the tree , “ people will never eat fruit from you again. ” his followers heard him say this .
0	he refused to allow anyone to carry things through the temple area .
0	that night jesus and his followers left the city .
0	jesus answered , “ have faith in god .
0	so i tell you to ask for what you want in prayer . and if you believe that you have received those things , then they will be yours .
0	they said , “ tell us ! what authority do you have to do these things ? who gave you this authority ? ”
0	jesus answered , “ i will ask you a question . you answer my question . then i will tell you whose authority i use to do these things .
0	tell me : when john baptized people , did his authority come from god or was it only from other people ? answer me . ”
0	so the leaders answered jesus , “ we don ’ t know the answer . ”
0	“ later , it was time for the grapes to be picked . so the man sent a servant to the farmers to get his share of the grapes .
0	but the farmers grabbed the servant and beat him . they sent him away with nothing .
0	then the man sent another servant to the farmers . they hit this servant on the head , showing no respect for him .
0	so they took the son , threw him out of the vineyard , and killed him .
0	“ so what will the man who owns the vineyard do ? he will go and kill those farmers . then he will lease the land to others .
0	surely you have read this in the scriptures :
0	the lord did this ,
0	later , the jewish leaders sent some pharisees and some men from the group called herodians to jesus . they wanted to catch him saying something wrong .
0	then some sadducees came to jesus . ( sadducees believe that no one will rise from death . ) they asked him a question :
0	there were seven brothers . the first brother married but died . he had no children .
0	so the second brother married the woman . but he also died and had no children . the same thing happened with the third brother .
0	all seven brothers married the woman and died . none of the brothers had any children with her . and she was the last to die .
0	but all seven brothers had married her . so at the time when people rise from death , whose wife will she be ? ”
0	when people rise from death , there will be no marriage . people will not be married to each other . all people will be like angels in heaven .
0	so they were not still dead , because he is the god only of living people . you sadducees are so wrong ! ”
0	jesus answered , “ the most important command is this : ‘ people of israel , listen ! the lord our god is the only lord .
0	love the lord your god with all your heart , all your soul , all your mind , and all your strength . ’
0	the second most important command is this : ‘ love your neighbor the same as you love yourself. ’ these two commands are the most important . ”
0	jesus was teaching in the temple area . he asked , “ why do the teachers of the law say that the messiah is the son of david ?
0	with the help of the holy spirit , david himself says ,
0	david himself calls the messiah ‘ lord. ’ so how can the messiah be david ’ s son ? ” many people listened to jesus and were very pleased .
0	they love to have the most important seats in the synagogues and the places of honor at banquets .
0	but they cheat widows and take their homes . then they try to make themselves look good by saying long prayers . god will punish them very much . ”
0	jesus sat near the temple collection box and watched as people put money into it . many rich people put in a lot of money .
0	then a poor widow came and put in two very small copper coins , worth less than a penny .
0	jesus was leaving the temple area . one of his followers said to him , “ teacher , look how big those stones are ! what beautiful buildings ! ”
0	“ tell us when these things will happen . and what will show us it is time for them to happen ? ”
0	jesus said to them , “ be careful ! don ’ t let anyone fool you .
0	many people will come and use my name . they will say , ‘ i am the messiah , ’ and they will fool many people .
0	before the end comes , the good news must be told to all nations .
0	all people will hate you because you follow me . but those who remain faithful to the end will be saved .
0	if someone is in the field , they must not go back to get a coat .
0	“ during that time it will be hard for women who are pregnant or have small babies .
0	pray that these things will not happen in winter ,
0	false messiahs and false prophets will come and do miracles and wonders , trying to fool the people god has chosen , if that is possible .
0	so be careful . now i have warned you about all this before it happens .
0	“ during the days following that time of trouble ,
0	the stars will fall from the sky ,
1	the former treatise i made , o theophilus , concerning all that jesus began both to do and to teach ,
1	until the day in which he was received up , after that he had given commandment through the holy spirit unto the apostles whom he had chosen :
1	for john indeed baptized with water ; but ye shall be baptized in the holy spirit not many days hence .
1	they therefore , when they were come together , asked him , saying , lord , dost thou at this time restore the kingdom to israel ?
1	and he said unto them , it is not for you to know times or seasons , which the father hath set within his own authority .
1	and when he had said these things , as they were looking , he was taken up ; and a cloud received him out of their sight .
1	and while they were looking stedfastly into heaven as he went , behold two men stood by them in white apparel ;
1	then returned they unto jerusalem from the mount called olivet , which is nigh unto jerusalem , a sabbath day ’ s journey off .
1	these all with one accord continued stedfastly in prayer , with the women , and mary the mother of jesus , and with his brethren .
1	for he was numbered among us , and received his portion in this ministry .
1	for it is written in the book of psalms ,
1	of the men therefore that have companied with us all the time that the lord jesus went in and went out among us ,
1	and they put forward two , joseph called barsabbas , who was surnamed justus , and matthias .
1	and they prayed , and said , thou , lord , who knowest the hearts of all men , show of these two the one whom thou hast chosen ,
1	to take the place in this ministry and apostleship from which judas fell away , that he might go to his own place .
1	and they gave lots for them ; and the lot fell upon matthias ; and he was numbered with the eleven apostles .
1	and when the day of pentecost was now come , they were all together in one place .
1	and suddenly there came from heaven a sound as of the rushing of a mighty wind , and it filled all the house where they were sitting .
1	and there appeared unto them tongues parting asunder , like as of fire ; and it sat upon each one of them .
1	and they were all filled with the holy spirit , and began to speak with other tongues , as the spirit gave them utterance .
1	now there were dwelling at jerusalem jews , devout men , from every nation under heaven .
1	and when this sound was heard , the multitude came together , and were confounded , because that every man heard them speaking in his own language .
1	and they were all amazed and marvelled , saying , behold , are not all these that speak galilaeans ?
1	and how hear we , every man in our own language wherein we were born ?
1	parthians and medes and elamites , and the dwellers in mesopotamia , in judaea and cappadocia , in pontus and asia ,
1	in phrygia and pamphylia , in egypt and the parts of libya about cyrene , and sojourners from rome , both jews and proselytes ,
1	cretans and arabians , we hear them speaking in our tongues the mighty works of god .
1	and they were all amazed , and were perplexed , saying one to another , what meaneth this ?
1	but others mocking said , they are filled with new wine .
1	for these are not drunken , as ye suppose ; seeing it is but the third hour of the day ;
1	but this is that which hath been spoken through the prophet joel :
1	and it shall be in the last days , saith god ,
1	yea and on my servants and on my handmaidens in those days
1	and i will show wonders in the heaven above ,
1	the sun shall be turned into darkness ,
1	and it shall be , that whosoever shall call on the name of the lord shall be saved .
1	him , being delivered up by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of god , ye by the hand of lawless men did crucify and slay :
1	whom god raised up , having loosed the pangs of death : because it was not possible that he should be holden of it .
1	for david saith concerning him ,
1	therefore my heart was glad , and my tongue rejoiced ;
1	because thou wilt not leave my soul unto hades ,
1	thou madest known unto me the ways of life ;
1	he foreseeing this spake of the resurrection of the christ , that neither was he left unto hades , nor did his flesh see corruption .
1	this jesus did god raise up , whereof we all are witnesses .
1	for david ascended not into the heavens : but he saith himself ,
1	till i make thine enemies the footstool of thy feet .
1	let all the house of israel therefore know assuredly , that god hath made him both lord and christ , this jesus whom ye crucified .
1	and with many other words he testified , and exhorted them , saying , save yourselves from this crooked generation .
1	they then that received his word were baptized : and there were added unto them in that day about three thousand souls .
1	and they continued stedfastly in the apostles ’ teaching and fellowship , in the breaking of bread and the prayers .
1	and fear came upon every soul : and many wonders and signs were done through the apostles .
1	and all that believed were together , and had all things common ;
1	and they sold their possessions and goods , and parted them to all , according as any man had need .
1	praising god , and having favor with all the people . and the lord added to them day by day those that were saved .
1	now peter and john were going up into the temple at the hour of prayer , being the ninth hour .
1	who seeing peter and john about to go into the temple , asked to receive an alms .
1	and peter , fastening his eyes upon him , with john , said , look on us .
1	and he gave heed unto them , expecting to receive something from them .
1	and he took him by the right hand , and raised him up : and immediately his feet and his ankle-bones received strength .
1	and leaping up , he stood , and began to walk ; and he entered with them into the temple , walking , and leaping , and praising god .
1	and all the people saw him walking and praising god :
1	and as he held peter and john , all the people ran together unto them in the porch that is called solomon ’ s , greatly wondering .
1	but ye denied the holy and righteous one , and asked for a murderer to be granted unto you ,
1	and killed the prince of life ; whom god raised from the dead ; whereof we are witnesses .
1	and now , brethren , i know that in ignorance ye did it , as did also your rulers .
1	but the things which god foreshowed by the mouth of all the prophets , that his christ should suffer , he thus fulfilled .
1	and that he may send the christ who hath been appointed for you , even jesus :
1	and it shall be , that every soul that shall not hearken to that prophet , shall be utterly destroyed from among the people .
1	yea and all the prophets from samuel and them that followed after , as many as have spoken , they also told of these days .
1	unto you first god , having raised up his servant , sent him to bless you , in turning away every one of you from your iniquities .
1	and as they spake unto the people , the priests and the captain of the temple and the sadducees came upon them ,
1	being sore troubled because they taught the people , and proclaimed in jesus the resurrection from the dead .
1	and they laid hands on them , and put them in ward unto the morrow : for it was now eventide .
1	but many of them that heard the word believed ; and the number of the men came to be about five thousand .
1	and it came to pass on the morrow , that their rulers and elders and scribes were gathered together in jerusalem ;
1	and annas the high priest was there , and caiaphas , and john , and alexander , and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest .
1	and when they had set them in the midst , they inquired , by what power , or in what name , have ye done this ?
1	then peter , filled with the holy spirit , said unto them , ye rulers of the people , and elders ,
1	if we this day are examined concerning a good deed done to an impotent man , by what means this man is made whole ;
1	he is the stone which was set at nought of you the builders , which was made the head of the corner .
1	and in none other is there salvation : for neither is there any other name under heaven , that is given among men , wherein we must be saved .
1	and seeing the man that was healed standing with them , they could say nothing against it .
1	but when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council , they conferred among themselves ,
1	but that it spread no further among the people , let us threaten them , that they speak henceforth to no man in this name .
1	and they called them , and charged them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of jesus .
1	for we can not but speak the things which we saw and heard .
1	for the man was more than forty years old , on whom this miracle of healing was wrought .
1	and being let go , they came to their own company , and reported all that the chief priests and the elders had said unto them .
1	who by the holy spirit , by the mouth of our father david thy servant , didst say ,
1	the kings of the earth set themselves in array ,
1	to do whatsoever thy hand and thy council foreordained to come to pass .
1	and now , lord , look upon their threatenings : and grant unto thy servants to speak thy word with all boldness ,
1	while thou stretchest forth thy hand to heal ; and that signs and wonders may be done through the name of thy holy servant jesus .
1	and with great power gave the apostles their witness of the resurrection of the lord jesus : and great grace was upon them all .
1	and laid them at the apostles ’ feet : and distribution was made unto each , according as any one had need .
1	having a field , sold it , and brought the money and laid it at the apostles ’ feet .
1	but a certain man named ananias , with sapphira his wife , sold a possession ,
1	and ananias hearing these words fell down and gave up the ghost : and great fear came upon all that heard it .
1	and the young men arose and wrapped him round , and they carried him out and buried him .
1	and it was about the space of three hours after , when his wife , not knowing what was done , came in .
1	and peter answered unto her , tell me whether ye sold the land for so much . and she said , yea , for so much .
1	and great fear came upon the whole church , and upon all that heard these things .
1	and by the hands of the apostles were many signs and wonders wrought among the people : and they were all with one accord in solomon ’ s porch .
1	but of the rest durst no man join himself to them : howbeit the people magnified them ;
1	and believers were the more added to the lord , multitudes both of men and women :
1	and laid hands on the apostles , and put them in public ward .
1	but an angel of the lord by night opened the prison doors , and brought them out , and said ,
1	go ye , and stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life .
1	but the officers that came found them not in the prison ; and they returned , and told ,
1	now when the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these words , they were much perplexed concerning them whereunto this would grow .
1	and there came one and told them , behold , the men whom ye put in the prison are in the temple standing and teaching the people .
1	then went the captain with the officers , and brought them , but without violence ; for they feared the people , lest they should be stoned .
1	and when they had brought them , they set them before the council . and the high priest asked them ,
1	but peter and the apostles answered and said , we must obey god rather than men .
1	the god of our fathers raised up jesus , whom ye slew , hanging him on a tree .
1	him did god exalt with his right hand to be a prince and a saviour , to give repentance to israel , and remission of sins .
1	and we are witnesses of these things ; and so is the holy spirit , whom god hath given to them that obey him .
1	but they , when they heard this , were cut to the heart , and were minded to slay them .
1	and he said unto them , ye men of israel , take heed to yourselves as touching these men , what ye are about to do .
1	but if it is of god , ye will not be able to overthrow them ; lest haply ye be found even to be fighting against god .
1	they therefore departed from the presence of the council , rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for the name .
1	and every day , in the temple and at home , they ceased not to teach and to preach jesus as the christ .
1	but we will continue stedfastly in prayer , and in the ministry of the word .
1	whom they set before the apostles : and when they had prayed , they laid their hands upon them .
1	and stephen , full of grace and power , wrought great wonders and signs among the people .
1	and they were not able to withstand the wisdom and the spirit by which he spake .
1	then they suborned men , who said , we have heard him speak blasphemous words against moses , and against god .
1	and set up false witnesses , who said , this man ceaseth not to speak words against this holy place , and the law :
1	for we have heard him say , that this jesus of nazareth shall destroy this place , and shall change the customs which moses delivered unto us .
1	and all that sat in the council , fastening their eyes on him , saw his face as it had been the face of an angel .
1	and the high priest said , are these things so ?
1	and said unto him , get thee out of thy land , and from thy kindred , and come into the land which i shall show thee .
1	and the patriarchs , moved with jealousy against joseph , sold him into egypt : and god was with him ,
1	now there came a famine over all egypt and canaan , and great affliction : and our fathers found no sustenance .
1	but when jacob heard that there was grain in egypt , he sent forth our fathers the first time .
1	and at the second time joseph was made known to his brethren ; and joseph ’ s race became manifest unto pharaoh .
1	and joseph sent , and called to him jacob his father , and all his kindred , threescore and fifteen souls .
1	and jacob went down into egypt ; and he died , himself and our fathers ;
1	and they were carried over unto shechem , and laid in the tomb that abraham bought for a price in silver of the sons of hamor in shechem .
1	but as the time of the promise drew nigh which god vouchsafed unto abraham , the people grew and multiplied in egypt ,
1	till there arose another king over egypt , who knew not joseph .
1	the same dealt craftily with our race , and ill-treated our fathers , that they should cast out their babes to the end they might not live .
1	at which season moses was born , and was exceeding fair ; and he was nourished three months in his father ’ s house :
1	and when he was cast out , pharaoh ’ s daughter took him up , and nourished him for her own son .
1	and moses was instructed in all the wisdom of the egyptians ; and he was mighty in his words and works .
1	but when he was well-nigh forty years old , it came into his heart to visit his brethren the children of israel .
1	and seeing one of them suffer wrong , he defended him , and avenged him that was oppressed , smiting the egyptian :
1	and he supposed that his brethren understood that god by his hand was giving them deliverance ; but they understood not .
1	but he that did his neighbor wrong thrust him away , saying , who made thee a ruler and a judge over us ?
1	wouldest thou kill me , as thou killedst the egyptian yesterday ?
1	and moses fled at this saying , and became a sojourner in the land of midian , where he begat two sons .
1	and when forty years were fulfilled , an angel appeared to him in the wilderness of mount sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush .
1	and when moses saw it , he wondered at the sight : and as he drew near to behold , there came a voice of the lord ,
1	i am the god of thy fathers , the god of abraham , and of isaac , and of jacob . and moses trembled , and durst not behold .
1	and the lord said unto him , loose the shoes from thy feet : for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground .
1	this man led them forth , having wrought wonders and signs in egypt , and in the red sea , and in the wilderness forty years .
1	this is that moses , who said unto the children of israel , a prophet shall god raise up unto you from among your brethren , like unto me .
1	to whom our fathers would not be obedient , but thrust him from them , and turned back in their hearts unto egypt ,
1	and they made a calf in those days , and brought a sacrifice unto the idol , and rejoiced in the works of their hands .
1	but god turned , and gave them up to serve the host of heaven ; as it is written in the book of the prophets ,
1	and ye took up the tabernacle of moloch ,
1	who found favor in the sight of god , and asked to find a habitation for the god of jacob .
1	but solomon built him a house .
1	howbeit the most high dwelleth not in houses made with hands ; as saith the prophet ,
1	the heaven is my throne ,
1	did not my hand make all these things ?
1	ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and ears , ye do always resist the holy spirit : as your fathers did , so do ye .
1	ye who received the law as it was ordained by angels , and kept it not .
1	now when they heard these things , they were cut to the heart , and they gnashed on him with their teeth .
1	and said , behold , i see the heavens opened , and the son of man standing on the right hand of god .
1	but they cried out with a loud voice , and stopped their ears , and rushed upon him with one accord ;
1	and they cast him out of the city , and stoned him : and the witnesses laid down their garments at the feet of a young man named saul .
1	and they stoned stephen , calling upon the lord , and saying , lord jesus , receive my spirit .
1	and saul was consenting unto his death .
1	and devout men buried stephen , and made great lamentation over him .
1	but saul laid waste the church , entering into every house , and dragging men and women committed them to prison .
1	they therefore that were scattered abroad went about preaching the word .
1	and philip went down to the city of samaria , and proclaimed unto them the christ .
1	and the multitudes gave heed with one accord unto the things that were spoken by philip , when they heard , and saw the signs which he did .
1	and there was much joy in that city .
1	to whom they all gave heed , from the least to the greatest , saying , this man is that power of god which is called great .
1	and they gave heed to him , because that of long time he had amazed them with his sorceries .
1	but when they believed philip preaching good tidings concerning the kingdom of god and the name of jesus christ , they were baptized , both men and women .
1	and simon also himself believed : and being baptized , he continued with philip ; and beholding signs and great miracles wrought , he was amazed .
1	now when the apostles that were at jerusalem heard that samaria had received the word of god , they sent unto them peter and john :
1	who , when they were come down , prayed for them , that they might receive the holy spirit :
1	for as yet it was fallen upon none of them : only they had been baptized into the name of the lord jesus .
1	then laid they their hands on them , and they received the holy spirit .
1	now when simon saw that through the laying on of the apostles ’ hands the holy spirit was given , he offered them money ,
1	saying , give me also this power , that on whomsoever i lay my hands , he may receive the holy spirit .
1	but peter said unto him , thy silver perish with thee , because thou hast thought to obtain the gift of god with money .
1	thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter : for thy heart is not right before god .
1	repent therefore of this thy wickedness , and pray the lord , if perhaps the thought of thy heart shall be forgiven thee .
1	for i see that thou art in the gall of bitterness and in the bond of iniquity .
1	and simon answered and said , pray ye for me to the lord , that none of the things which ye have spoken come upon me .
1	they therefore , when they had testified and spoken the word of the lord , returned to jerusalem , and preached the gospel to many villages of the samaritans .
1	and he was returning and sitting in his chariot , and was reading the prophet isaiah .
1	and the spirit said unto philip , go near , and join thyself to this chariot .
1	and philip ran to him , and heard him reading isaiah the prophet , and said , understandest thou what thou readest ?
1	and he said , how can i , except some one shall guide me ? and he besought philip to come up and sit with him .
1	now the passage of the scripture which he was reading was this ,
1	in his humiliation his judgment was taken away :
1	and the eunuch answered philip , and said , i pray thee , of whom speaketh the prophet this ? of himself , or of some other ?
1	and philip opened his mouth , and beginning from this scripture , preached unto him jesus .
1	and he commanded the chariot to stand still : and they both went down into the water , both philip and the eunuch ; and he baptized him .
1	but philip was found at azotus : and passing through he preached the gospel to all the cities , till he came to caesarea .
1	but saul , yet breathing threatening and slaughter against the disciples of the lord , went unto the high priest ,
1	and as he journeyed , it came to pass that he drew nigh unto damascus : and suddenly there shone round about him a light out of heaven :
1	and he fell upon the earth , and heard a voice saying unto him , saul , saul , why persecutest thou me ?
1	and he said , who art thou , lord ? and he said , i am jesus whom thou persecutest :
1	but rise , and enter into the city , and it shall be told thee what thou must do .
1	and the men that journeyed with him stood speechless , hearing the voice , but beholding no man .
1	and he was three days without sight , and did neither eat nor drink .
1	and he hath seen a man named ananias coming in , and laying his hands on him , that he might receive his sight .
1	but ananias answered , lord , i have heard from many of this man , how much evil he did to thy saints at jerusalem :
1	and here he hath authority from the chief priests to bind all that call upon thy name .
1	for i will show him how many things he must suffer for my name ’ s sake .
1	and straightway there fell from his eyes as it were scales , and he received his sight ; and he arose and was baptized ;
1	and he took food and was strengthened .
1	and straightway in the synagogues he proclaimed jesus , that he is the son of god .
1	but saul increased the more in strength , and confounded the jews that dwelt at damascus , proving that this is the christ .
1	and when many days were fulfilled , the jews took counsel together to kill him :
1	but their plot became known to saul . and they watched the gates also day and night that they might kill him :
1	but his disciples took him by night , and let him down through the wall , lowering him in a basket .
1	and he was with them going in and going out at jerusalem ,
1	preaching boldly in the name of the lord : and he spake and disputed against the grecian jews ; but they were seeking to kill him .
1	and when the brethren knew it , they brought him down to caesarea , and sent him forth to tarsus .
1	and it came to pass , as peter went throughout all parts , he came down also to the saints that dwelt at lydda .
1	and there he found a certain man named aeneas , who had kept his bed eight years ; for he was palsied .
1	and peter said unto him , aeneas , jesus christ healeth thee : arise , and make thy bed . and straightway he arose .
1	and all that dwelt at lydda and in sharon saw him , and they turned to the lord .
1	and he gave her his hand , and raised her up ; and calling the saints and widows , he presented her alive .
1	and it became known throughout all joppa : and many believed on the lord .
1	and it came to pass , that he abode many days in joppa with one simon a tanner .
1	now there was a certain man in caesarea , cornelius by name , a centurion of the band called the italian band ,
1	a devout man , and one that feared god with all his house , who gave much alms to the people , and prayed to god always .
1	and now send men to joppa , and fetch one simon , who is surnamed peter :
1	he lodgeth with one simon a tanner , whose house is by the sea side .
1	and when the angel that spake unto him was departed , he called two of his household-servants , and a devout soldier of them that waited on him continually ;
1	and having rehearsed all things unto them , he sent them to joppa .
1	and he became hungry , and desired to eat : but while they made ready , he fell into a trance ;
1	and he beholdeth the heaven opened , and a certain vessel descending , as it were a great sheet , let down by four corners upon the earth :
1	wherein were all manner of fourfooted beasts and creeping things of the earth and birds of the heaven .
1	and there came a voice to him , rise , peter ; kill and eat .
1	but peter said , not so , lord ; for i have never eaten anything that is common and unclean .
1	and a voice came unto him again the second time , what god hath cleansed , make not thou common .
1	and this was done thrice : and straightway the vessel was received up into heaven .
1	and called and asked whether simon , who was surnamed peter , were lodging there .
1	and while peter thought on the vision , the spirit said unto him , behold , three men seek thee .
1	but arise , and get thee down , and go with them , nothing doubting : for i have sent them .
1	and peter went down to the men , and said , behold , i am he whom ye seek : what is the cause wherefore ye are come ?
1	so he called them in and lodged them .
1	and on the morrow they entered into caesarea . and cornelius was waiting for them , having called together his kinsmen and his near friends .
1	and when it came to pass that peter entered , cornelius met him , and fell down at his feet , and worshipped him .
1	but peter raised him up , saying , stand up ; i myself also am a man .
1	and as he talked with him , he went in , and findeth many come together :
1	wherefore also i came without gainsaying , when i was sent for . i ask therefore with what intent ye sent for me .
1	and saith , cornelius , thy prayer is heard , and thine alms are had in remembrance in the sight of god .
1	and peter opened his mouth , and said ,
1	but in every nation he that feareth him , and worketh righteousness , is acceptable to him .
1	the word which he sent unto the children of israel , preaching good tidings of peace by jesus christ ( he is lord of all ) —
1	that saying ye yourselves know , which was published throughout all judaea , beginning from galilee , after the baptism which john preached ;
1	him god raised up the third day , and gave him to be made manifest ,
1	to him bear all the prophets witness , that through his name every one that believeth on him shall receive remission of sins .
1	while peter yet spake these words , the holy spirit fell on all them that heard the word .
1	for they heard them speak with tongues , and magnify god . then answered peter ,
1	can any man forbid the water , that these should not be baptized , who have received the holy spirit as well as we ?
1	and he commanded them to be baptized in the name of jesus christ . then prayed they him to tarry certain days .
1	now the apostles and the brethren that were in judaea heard that the gentiles also had received the word of god .
1	and when peter was come up to jerusalem , they that were of the circumcision contended with him ,
1	saying , thou wentest in to men uncircumcised , and didst eat with them .
1	but peter began , and expounded the matter unto them in order , saying ,
1	and i heard also a voice saying unto me , rise , peter ; kill and eat .
1	but i said , not so , lord : for nothing common or unclean hath ever entered into my mouth .
1	but a voice answered the second time out of heaven , what god hath cleansed , make not thou common .
1	and this was done thrice : and all were drawn up again into heaven .
1	and behold , forthwith three men stood before the house in which we were , having been sent from caesarea unto me .
1	who shall speak unto thee words , whereby thou shalt be saved , thou and all thy house .
1	and as i began to speak , the holy spirit fell on them , even as on us at the beginning .
1	and i remembered the word of the lord , how he said , john indeed baptized with water ; but ye shall be baptized in the holy spirit .
1	and when they heard these things , they held their peace , and glorified god , saying , then to the gentiles also hath god granted repentance unto life .
1	and the hand of the lord was with them : and a great number that believed turned unto the lord .
1	and the report concerning them came to the ears of the church which was in jerusalem : and they sent forth barnabas as far as antioch :
1	for he was a good man , and full of the holy spirit and of faith : and much people was added unto the lord .
1	and he went forth to tarsus to seek for saul ;
1	now in these days there came down prophets from jerusalem unto antioch .
1	and the disciples , every man according to his ability , determined to send relief unto the brethren that dwelt in judaea :
1	which also they did , sending it to the elders by the hand of barnabas and saul .
1	now about that time herod the king put forth his hands to afflict certain of the church .
1	and he killed james the brother of john with the sword .
1	and when he saw that it pleased the jews , he proceeded to seize peter also . and those were the days of unleavened bread .
1	peter therefore was kept in the prison : but prayer was made earnestly of the church unto god for him .
1	and he went out , and followed ; and he knew not that it was true which was done by the angel , but thought he saw a vision .
1	and when he knocked at the door of the gate , a maid came to answer , named rhoda .
1	and when she knew peter ’ s voice , she opened not the gate for joy , but ran in , and told that peter stood before the gate .
1	and they said unto her , thou art mad . but she confidently affirmed that it was even so . and they said , it is his angel .
1	but peter continued knocking : and when they had opened , they saw him , and were amazed .
1	now as soon as it was day , there was no small stir among the soldiers , what was become of peter .
1	and upon a set day herod arrayed himself in royal apparel , and sat on the throne , and made an oration unto them .
1	and the people shouted , saying , the voice of a god , and not of a man .
1	but the word of god grew and multiplied .
1	and barnabas and saul returned from jerusalem , when they had fulfilled their ministration , taking with them john whose surname was mark .
1	and as they ministered to the lord , and fasted , the holy spirit said , separate me barnabas and saul for the work whereunto i have called them .
1	then , when they had fasted and prayed and laid their hands on them , they sent them away .
1	so they , being sent forth by the holy spirit , went down to seleucia ; and from thence they sailed to cyprus .
1	and when they were at salamis , they proclaimed the word of god in the synagogues of the jews : and they had also john as their attendant .
1	and when they had gone through the whole island unto paphos , they found a certain sorcerer , a false prophet , a jew , whose name was bar-jesus ;
1	but elymas the sorcerer ( for so is his name by interpretation ) withstood them , seeking to turn aside the proconsul from the faith .
1	but saul , who is also called paul , filled with the holy spirit , fastened his eyes on him ,
1	then the proconsul , when he saw what was done , believed , being astonished at the teaching of the lord .
1	now paul and his company set sail from paphos , and came to perga in pamphylia : and john departed from them and returned to jerusalem .
1	but they , passing through from perga , came to antioch of pisidia ; and they went into the synagogue on the sabbath day , and sat down .
1	and paul stood up , and beckoning with the hand said ,
1	and for about the time of forty years as a nursing-father bare he them in the wilderness .
1	and when he had destroyed seven nations in the land of canaan , he gave them their land for an inheritance , for about four hundred and fifty years :
1	and after these things he gave them judges until samuel the prophet .
1	of this man ’ s seed hath god according to promise brought unto israel a saviour , jesus ;
1	when john had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of israel .
1	brethren , children of the stock of abraham , and those among you that fear god , to us is the word of this salvation sent forth .
1	and though they found no cause of death in him , yet asked they of pilate that he should be slain .
1	and when they had fulfilled all things that were written of him , they took him down from the tree , and laid him in a tomb .
1	but god raised him from the dead :
1	and he was seen for many days of them that came up with him from galilee to jerusalem , who are now his witnesses unto the people .
1	and we bring you good tidings of the promise made unto the fathers ,
1	because he saith also in another psalm , thou wilt not give thy holy one to see corruption .
1	for david , after he had in his own generation served the counsel of god , fell asleep , and was laid unto his fathers , and saw corruption :
1	but he whom god raised up saw no corruption .
1	be it known unto you therefore , brethren , that through this man is proclaimed unto you remission of sins :
1	and by him every one that believeth is justified from all things , from which ye could not be justified by the law of moses .
1	beware therefore , lest that come upon you which is spoken in the prophets :
1	behold , ye despisers , and wonder , and perish ;
1	and as they went out , they besought that these words might be spoken to them the next sabbath .
1	and the next sabbath almost the whole city was gathered together to hear the word of god .
1	but when the jews saw the multitudes , they were filled with jealousy , and contradicted the things which were spoken by paul , and blasphemed .
1	for so hath the lord commanded us , saying ,
1	and as the gentiles heard this , they were glad , and glorified the word of god : and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed .
1	and the word of the lord was spread abroad throughout all the region .
1	but they shook off the dust of their feet against them , and came unto iconium .
1	and the disciples were filled with joy and with the holy spirit .
1	but the jews that were disobedient stirred up the souls of the gentiles , and made them evil affected against the brethren .
1	but the multitude of the city was divided ; and part held with the jews , and part with the apostles .
1	and when there was made an onset both of the gentiles and of the jews with their rulers , to treat them shamefully and to stone them ,
1	they became aware of it , and fled unto the cities of lycaonia , lystra and derbe , and the region round about :
1	and there they preached the gospel .
1	and at lystra there sat a certain man , impotent in his feet , a cripple from his mother ’ s womb , who never had walked .
1	the same heard paul speaking : who , fastening his eyes upon him , and seeing that he had faith to be made whole ,
1	said with a loud voice , stand upright on thy feet . and he leaped up and walked .
1	and they called barnabas , jupiter ; and paul , mercury , because he was the chief speaker .
1	and the priest of jupiter whose temple was before the city , brought oxen and garlands unto the gates , and would have done sacrifice with the multitudes .
1	but when the apostles , barnabas and paul , heard of it , they rent their garments , and sprang forth among the multitude , crying out
1	who in the generations gone by suffered all the nations to walk in their own ways .
1	and with these sayings scarce restrained they the multitudes from doing sacrifice unto them .
1	and when they had preached the gospel to that city , and had made many disciples , they returned to lystra , and to iconium , and to antioch ,
1	confirming the souls of the disciples , exhorting them to continue in the faith , and that through many tribulations we must enter into the kingdom of god .
1	and they passed through pisidia , and came to pamphylia .
1	and when they had spoken the word in perga , they went down to attalia ;
1	and thence they sailed to antioch , from whence they had been committed to the grace of god for the work which they had fulfilled .
1	and they tarried no little time with the disciples .
1	and certain men came down from judaea and taught the brethren , saying , except ye be circumcised after the custom of moses , ye can not be saved .
1	and the apostles and the elders were gathered together to consider of this matter .
1	and when there had been much questioning , peter rose up , and said unto them ,
1	and god , who knoweth the heart , bare them witness , giving them the holy spirit , even as he did unto us ;
1	and he made no distinction between us and them , cleansing their hearts by faith .
1	but we believe that we shall be saved through the grace of the lord jesus , in like manner as they .
1	and all the multitude kept silence ; and they hearkened unto barnabas and paul rehearsing what signs and wonders god had wrought among the gentiles through them .
1	and after they had held their peace , james answered , saying ,
1	symeon hath rehearsed how first god visited the gentiles , to take out of them a people for his name .
1	and to this agree the words of the prophets ; as it is written ,
1	after these things i will return ,
1	that the residue of men may seek after the lord ,
1	saith the lord , who maketh these things known from of old .
1	wherefore my judgment is , that we trouble not them that from among the gentiles turn to god ;
1	but that we write unto them , that they abstain from the pollutions of idols , and from fornication , and from what is strangled , and from blood .
1	for moses from generations of old hath in every city them that preach him , being read in the synagogues every sabbath .
1	forasmuch as we have heard that certain who went out from us have troubled you with words , subverting your souls ; to whom we gave no commandment ;
1	it seemed good unto us , having come to one accord , to choose out men and send them unto you with our beloved barnabas and paul ,
1	men that have hazarded their lives for the name of our lord jesus christ .
1	we have sent therefore judas and silas , who themselves also shall tell you the same things by word of mouth .
1	for it seemed good to the holy spirit , and to us , to lay upon you no greater burden than these necessary things :
1	so they , when they were dismissed , came down to antioch ; and having gathered the multitude together , they delivered the epistle .
1	and when they had read it , they rejoiced for the consolation .
1	and judas and silas , being themselves also prophets , exhorted the brethren with many words , and confirmed them .
1	and after they had spent some time there , they were dismissed in peace from the brethren unto those that had sent them forth .
1	but paul and barnabas tarried in antioch , teaching and preaching the word of the lord , with many others also .
1	and barnabas was minded to take with them john also , who was called mark .
1	but paul thought not good to take with them him who withdrew from them from pamphylia , and went not with them to the work .
1	and there arose a sharp contention , so that they parted asunder one from the other , and barnabas took mark with him , and sailed away unto cyprus :
1	but paul chose silas , and went forth , being commended by the brethren to the grace of the lord .
1	and he went through syria and cilicia , confirming the churches .
1	the same was well reported of by the brethren that were at lystra and iconium .
1	so the churches were strengthened in the faith , and increased in number daily .
1	and they went through the region of phrygia and galatia , having been forbidden of the holy spirit to speak the word in asia ;
1	and when they were come over against mysia , they assayed to go into bithynia ; and the spirit of jesus suffered them not ;
1	and passing by mysia , they came down to troas .
1	and when he had seen the vision , straightway we sought to go forth into macedonia , concluding that god had called us to preach the gospel unto them .
1	setting sail therefore from troas , we made a straight course to samothrace , and the day following to neapolis ;
1	and when they had brought them unto the magistrates , they said , these men , being jews , do exceedingly trouble our city ,
1	and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to receive , or to observe , being romans .
1	and the multitude rose up together against them : and the magistrates rent their garments off them , and commanded to beat them with rods .
1	and when they had laid many stripes upon them , they cast them into prison , charging the jailor to keep them safely :
1	who , having received such a charge , cast them into the inner prison , and made their feet fast in the stocks .
1	but about midnight paul and silas were praying and singing hymns unto god , and the prisoners were listening to them ;
1	but paul cried with a loud voice , saying , do thyself no harm : for we are all here .
1	and he called for lights and sprang in , and , trembling for fear , fell down before paul and silas ,
1	and brought them out and said , sirs , what must i do to be saved ?
1	and they said , believe on the lord jesus , and thou shalt be saved , thou and thy house .
1	and they spake the word of the lord unto him , with all that were in his house .
1	and he took them the same hour of the night , and washed their stripes ; and was baptized , he and all his , immediately .
1	and he brought them up into his house , and set food before them , and rejoiced greatly , with all his house , having believed in god .
1	but when it was day , the magistrates sent the serjeants , saying , let those men go .
1	and the jailor reported the words to paul , saying , the magistrates have sent to let you go : now therefore come forth , and go in peace .
1	and the serjeants reported these words unto the magistrates : and they feared when they heard that they were romans ;
1	and they came and besought them ; and when they had brought them out , they asked them to go away from the city .
1	now when they had passed through amphipolis and apollonia , they came to thessalonica , where was a synagogue of the jews :
1	and paul , as his custom was , went in unto them , and for three sabbath days reasoned with them from the scriptures ,
1	whom jason hath received : and these all act contrary to the decrees of caesar , saying that there is another king , one jesus .
1	and they troubled the multitude and the rulers of the city , when they heard these things .
1	and when they had taken security from jason and the rest , they let them go .
1	and the brethren immediately sent away paul and silas by night unto beroea : who when they were come thither went into the synagogue of the jews .
1	many of them therefore believed ; also of the greek women of honorable estate , and of men , not a few .
1	and then immediately the brethren sent forth paul to go as far as to the sea : and silas and timothy abode there still .
1	now while paul waited for them at athens , his spirit was provoked within him as he beheld the city full of idols .
1	so he reasoned in the synagogue with the jews and the devout persons , and in the marketplace every day with them that met him .
1	for thou bringest certain strange things to our ears : we would know therefore what these things mean .
1	( now all the athenians and the strangers sojourning there spent their time in nothing else , but either to tell or to hear some new thing . )
1	and paul stood in the midst of the areopagus , and said ,
1	the god that made the world and all things therein , he , being lord of heaven and earth , dwelleth not in temples made with hands ;
1	that they should seek god , if haply they might feel after him and find him , though he is not far from each one of us :
1	for in him we live , and move , and have our being ; as certain even of your own poets have said ,
1	the times of ignorance therefore god overlooked ; but now he commandeth men that they should all everywhere repent :
1	now when they heard of the resurrection of the dead , some mocked ; but others said , we will hear thee concerning this yet again .
1	thus paul went out from among them .
1	but certain men clave unto him , and believed : among whom also was dionysius the areopagite , and a woman named damaris , and others with them .
1	after these things he departed from athens , and came to corinth .
1	and because he was of the same trade , he abode with them , and they wrought ; for by their trade they were tentmakers .
1	and he reasoned in the synagogue every sabbath , and persuaded jews and greeks .
1	but when silas and timothy came down from macedonia , paul was constrained by the word , testifying to the jews that jesus was the christ .
1	and crispus , the ruler of the synagogue , believed in the lord with all his house ; and many of the corinthians hearing believed , and were baptized .
1	and the lord said unto paul in the night by a vision , be not afraid , but speak and hold not thy peace :
1	for i am with thee , and no man shall set on thee to harm thee : for i have much people in this city .
1	and he dwelt there a year and six months , teaching the word of god among them .
1	but when gallio was proconsul of achaia , the jews with one accord rose up against paul and brought him before the judgment-seat ,
1	saying , this man persuadeth men to worship god contrary to the law .
1	and he drove them from the judgment-seat .
1	and they all laid hold on sosthenes , the ruler of the synagogue , and beat him before the judgment-seat . and gallio cared for none of these things .
1	and they came to ephesus , and he left them there : but he himself entered into the synagogue , and reasoned with the jews .
1	and when they asked him to abide a longer time , he consented not ;
1	but taking his leave of them , and saying , i will return again unto you if god will , he set sail from ephesus .
1	and when he had landed at caesarea , he went up and saluted the church , and went down to antioch .
1	and having spent some time there , he departed , and went through the region of galatia , and phrygia , in order , establishing all the disciples .
1	now a certain jew named apollos , an alexandrian by race , an eloquent man , came to ephesus ; and he was mighty in the scriptures .
1	for he powerfully confuted the jews , and that publicly , showing by the scriptures that jesus was the christ .
1	and it came to pass , that , while apollos was at corinth , paul having passed through the upper country came to ephesus , and found certain disciples :
1	and he said , into what then were ye baptized ? and they said , into john ’ s baptism .
1	and when they heard this , they were baptized into the name of the lord jesus .
1	and when paul had laid his hands upon them , the holy spirit came on them ; and they spake with tongues , and prophesied .
1	and they were in all about twelve men .
1	and he entered into the synagogue , and spake boldly for the space of three months , reasoning and persuading as to the things concerning the kingdom of god .
1	and this continued for the space of two years ; so that all they that dwelt in asia heard the word of the lord , both jews and greeks .
1	and god wrought special miracles by the hands of paul :
1	insomuch that unto the sick were carried away from his body handkerchiefs or aprons , and the diseases departed from them , and the evil spirits went out .
1	and there were seven sons of one sceva , a jew , a chief priest , who did this .
1	and the evil spirit answered and said unto them , jesus i know , and paul i know ; but who are ye ?
1	many also of them that had believed came , confessing , and declaring their deeds .
1	so mightily grew the word of the lord and prevailed .
1	and having sent into macedonia two of them that ministered unto him , timothy and erastus , he himself stayed in asia for a while .
1	and about that time there arose no small stir concerning the way .
1	for a certain man named demetrius , a silversmith , who made silver shrines of diana , brought no little business unto the craftsmen ;
1	whom he gathered together , with the workmen of like occupation , and said , sirs , ye know that by this business we have our wealth .
1	and when they heard this they were filled with wrath , and cried out , saying , great is diana of the ephesians .
1	and when paul was minded to enter in unto the people , the disciples suffered him not .
1	and certain also of the asiarchs , being his friends , sent unto him and besought him not to adventure himself into the theatre .
1	some therefore cried one thing , and some another : for the assembly was in confusion ; and the more part knew not wherefore they were come together .
1	but when they perceived that he was a jew , all with one voice about the space of two hours cried out , great is diana of the ephesians .
1	seeing then that these things can not be gainsaid , ye ought to be quiet , and to do nothing rash .
1	for ye have brought hither these men , who are neither robbers of temples nor blasphemers of our goddess .
1	but if ye seek anything about other matters , it shall be settled in the regular assembly .
1	and when he had thus spoken , he dismissed the assembly .
1	and after the uproar ceased , paul having sent for the disciples and exhorted them , took leave of them , and departed to go into macedonia .
1	and when he had gone through those parts , and had given them much exhortation , he came into greece .
1	but these had gone before , and were waiting for us at troas .
1	and we sailed away from philippi after the days of unleavened bread , and came unto them to troas in five days ; where we tarried seven days .
1	and there were many lights in the upper chamber where we were gathered together .
1	and paul went down , and fell on him , and embracing him said , make ye no ado ; for his life is in him .
1	and they brought the lad alive , and were not a little comforted .
1	and when he met us at assos , we took him in , and came to mitylene .
1	and from miletus he sent to ephesus , and called to him the elders of the church .
1	and when they were come to him , he said unto them ,
1	serving the lord with all lowliness of mind , and with tears , and with trials which befell me by the plots of the jews ;
1	how i shrank not from declaring unto you anything that was profitable , and teaching you publicly , and from house to house ,
1	testifying both to jews and to greeks repentance toward god , and faith toward our lord jesus christ .
1	and now , behold , i go bound in the spirit unto jerusalem , not knowing the things that shall befall me there :
1	save that the holy spirit testifieth unto me in every city , saying that bonds and afflictions abide me .
1	and now , behold , i know that ye all , among whom i went about preaching the kingdom , shall see my face no more .
1	wherefore i testify unto you this day , that i am pure from the blood of all men .
1	for i shrank not from declaring unto you the whole counsel of god .
1	i know that after my departing grievous wolves shall enter in among you , not sparing the flock ;
1	and from among your own selves shall men arise , speaking perverse things , to draw away the disciples after them .
1	wherefore watch ye , remembering that by the space of three years i ceased not to admonish every one night and day with tears .
1	i coveted no man ’ s silver , or gold , or apparel .
1	ye yourselves know that these hands ministered unto my necessities , and to them that were with me .
1	and when he had thus spoken , he kneeled down and prayed with them all .
1	and they all wept sore , and fell on paul ’ s neck and kissed him ,
1	and having found a ship crossing over unto phoenicia , we went aboard , and set sail .
1	and having found the disciples , we tarried there seven days : and these said to paul through the spirit , that he should not set foot in jerusalem .
1	and we went on board the ship , but they returned home again .
1	and when we had finished the voyage from tyre , we arrived at ptolemais ; and we saluted the brethren , and abode with them one day .
1	now this man had four virgin daughters , who prophesied .
1	and as we tarried there some days , there came down from judaea a certain prophet , named agabus .
1	and when we heard these things , both we and they of that place besought him not to go up to jerusalem .
1	and when he would not be persuaded , we ceased , saying , the will of the lord be done .
1	and after these days we took up our baggage and went up to jerusalem .
1	and when we were come to jerusalem , the brethren received us gladly .
1	and the day following paul went in with us unto james ; and all the elders were present .
1	and when he had saluted them , he rehearsed one by one the things which god had wrought among the gentiles through his ministry .
1	what is it therefore ? they will certainly hear that thou art come .
1	do therefore this that we say to thee : we have four men that have a vow on them ;
1	for they had before seen with him in the city trophimus the ephesian , whom they supposed that paul had brought into the temple .
1	and as they were seeking to kill him , tidings came up to the chief captain of the band , that all jerusalem was in confusion .
1	and when he came upon the stairs , so it was that he was borne of the soldiers for the violence of the crowd ;
1	for the multitude of the people followed after , crying out , away with him .
1	art thou not then the egyptian , who before these days stirred up to sedition and led out into the wilderness the four thousand men of the assassins ?
1	brethren and fathers , hear ye the defence which i now make unto you .
1	and when they heard that he spake unto them in the hebrew language , they were the more quiet : and he saith ,
1	and i persecuted this way unto the death , binding and delivering into prisons both men and women .
1	and i fell unto the ground , and heard a voice saying unto me , saul , saul , why persecutest thou me ?
1	and i answered , who art thou , lord ? and he said unto me , i am jesus of nazareth , whom thou persecutest .
1	and they that were with me beheld indeed the light , but they heard not the voice of him that spake to me .
1	and when i could not see for the glory of that light , being led by the hand of them that were with me i came into damascus .
1	and one ananias , a devout man according to the law , well reported of by all the jews that dwelt there ,
1	came unto me , and standing by me said unto me , brother saul , receive thy sight . and in that very hour i looked up on him .
1	for thou shalt be a witness for him unto all men of what thou hast seen and heard .
1	and now why tarriest thou ? arise , and be baptized , and wash away thy sins , calling on his name .
1	and it came to pass , that , when i had returned to jerusalem , and while i prayed in the temple , i fell into a trance ,
1	and saw him saying unto me , make haste , and get thee quickly out of jerusalem ; because they will not receive of thee testimony concerning me .
1	and i said , lord , they themselves know that i imprisoned and beat in every synagogue them that believed on thee :
1	and when the blood of stephen thy witness was shed , i also was standing by , and consenting , and keeping the garments of them that slew him .
1	and he said unto me , depart : for i will send thee forth far hence unto the gentiles .
1	and as they cried out , and threw off their garments , and cast dust into the air ,
1	and the chief captain came and said unto him , tell me , art thou a roman ? and he said , yea .
1	and the chief captain answered , with a great sum obtained i this citizenship . and paul said , but i am a roman born .
1	and paul , looking stedfastly on the council , said , brethren , i have lived before god in all good conscience until this day .
1	and the high priest ananias commanded them that stood by him to smite him on the mouth .
1	and they that stood by said , revilest thou god ’ s high priest ?
1	and when he had so said , there arose a dissension between the pharisees and sadducees ; and the assembly was divided .
1	for the sadducees say that there is no resurrection , neither angel , nor spirit ; but the pharisees confess both .
1	and they were more than forty that made this conspiracy .
1	but paul ’ s sister ’ s son heard of their lying in wait , and he came and entered into the castle and told paul .
1	and paul called unto him one of the centurions , and said , bring this young man unto the chief captain ; for he hath something to tell him .
1	and the chief captain took him by the hand , and going aside asked him privately , what is it that thou hast to tell me ?
1	so the chief captain let the young man go , charging him , tell no man that thou hast signified these things to me .
1	and he bade them provide beasts , that they might set paul thereon , and bring him safe unto felix the governor .
1	and he wrote a letter after this form :
1	claudius lysias unto the most excellent governor felix , greeting .
1	and desiring to know the cause wherefore they accused him , i brought him down unto their council :
1	whom i found to be accused about questions of their law , but to have nothing laid to his charge worthy of death or of bonds .
1	so the soldiers , as it was commanded them , took paul and brought him by night to antipatris .
1	but on the morrow they left the horsemen to go with him , and returned to the castle :
1	and they , when they came to caesarea and delivered the letter to the governor , presented paul also before him .
1	and when he had read it , he asked of what province he was ; and when he understood that he was of cilicia ,
1	i will hear thee fully , said he , when thine accusers also are come : and he commanded him to be kept in herod ’ s palace .
1	and after five days the high priest ananias came down with certain elders , and with an orator , one tertullus ; and they informed the governor against paul .
1	and when he was called , tertullus began to accuse him , saying ,
1	we accept it in all ways and in all places , most excellent felix , with all thankfulness .
1	but , that i be not further tedious unto thee , i entreat thee to hear us of thy clemency a few words .
1	who moreover assayed to profane the temple : on whom also we laid hold :
1	from whom thou wilt be able , by examining him thyself , to take knowledge of all these things whereof we accuse him .
1	and the jews also joined in the charge , affirming that these things were so .
1	and when the governor had beckoned unto him to speak , paul answered ,
1	seeing that thou canst take knowledge that it is not more than twelve days since i went up to worship at jerusalem :
1	and neither in the temple did they find me disputing with any man or stirring up a crowd , nor in the synagogues , nor in the city .
1	neither can they prove to thee the things whereof they now accuse me .
1	having hope toward god , which these also themselves look for , that there shall be a resurrection both of the just and unjust .
1	herein i also exercise myself to have a conscience void of offence toward god and men always .
1	now after some years i came to bring alms to my nation , and offerings :
1	amidst which they found me purified in the temple , with no crowd , nor yet with tumult : but there were certain jews from asia—
1	who ought to have been here before thee , and to make accusation , if they had aught against me .
1	or else let these men themselves say what wrong-doing they found when i stood before the council ,
1	he hoped withal that money would be given him of paul : wherefore also he sent for him the oftener , and communed with him .
1	but when two years were fulfilled , felix was succeeded by porcius festus ; and desiring to gain favor with the jews , felix left paul in bonds .
1	festus therefore , having come into the province , after three days went up to jerusalem from caesarea .
1	and the chief priests and the principal men of the jews informed him against paul ; and they besought him ,
1	asking a favor against him , that he would send for him to jerusalem ; laying a plot to kill him on the way .
1	howbeit festus answered , that paul was kept in charge at caesarea , and that he himself was about to depart thither shortly .
1	while paul said in his defence , neither against the law of the jews , nor against the temple , nor against caesar , have i sinned at all .
1	then festus , when he had conferred with the council , answered , thou hast appealed unto caesar : unto caesar shalt thou go .
1	now when certain days were passed , agrippa the king and bernice arrived at caesarea , and saluted festus .
1	about whom , when i was at jerusalem , the chief priests and the elders of the jews informed me , asking for sentence against him .
1	concerning whom , when the accusers stood up , they brought no charge of such evil things as i supposed ;
1	but had certain questions against him of their own religion , and of one jesus , who was dead , whom paul affirmed to be alive .
1	and i , being perplexed how to inquire concerning these things , asked whether he would go to jerusalem and there be judged of these matters .
1	but when paul had appealed to be kept for the decision of the emperor , i commanded him to be kept till i should send him to caesar .
1	and agrippa said unto festus , i also could wish to hear the man myself . to-morrow , saith he , thou shalt hear him .
1	but i found that he had committed nothing worthy of death : and as he himself appealed to the emperor i determined to send him .
1	for it seemeth to me unreasonable , in sending a prisoner , not withal to signify the charges against him .
1	and agrippa said unto paul , thou art permitted to speak for thyself . then paul stretched forth his hand , and made his defence :
1	especially because thou art expert in all customs and questions which are among the jews : wherefore i beseech thee to hear me patiently .
1	my manner of life then from my youth up , which was from the beginning among mine own nation and at jerusalem , know all the jews ;
1	having knowledge of me from the first , if they be willing to testify , that after the straitest sect of our religion i lived a pharisee .
1	and now i stand here to be judged for the hope of the promise made of god unto our fathers ;
1	why is it judged incredible with you , if god doth raise the dead ?
1	i verily thought with myself that i ought to do many things contrary to the name of jesus of nazareth .
1	whereupon as i journeyed to damascus with the authority and commission of the chief priests ,
1	and i said , who art thou , lord ? and the lord said , i am jesus whom thou persecutest .
1	delivering thee from the people , and from the gentiles , unto whom i send thee ,
1	wherefore , o king agrippa , i was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision :
1	for this cause the jews seized me in the temple , and assayed to kill me .
1	how that the christ must suffer , and how that he first by the resurrection of the dead should proclaim light both to the people and to the gentiles .
1	and as he thus made his defence , festus saith with a loud voice , paul , thou art mad ; thy much learning is turning thee mad .
1	but paul saith , i am not mad , most excellent festus ; but speak forth words of truth and soberness .
1	king agrippa , believest thou the prophets ? i know that thou believest .
1	and agrippa said unto paul , with but little persuasion thou wouldest fain make me a christian .
1	and the king rose up , and the governor , and bernice , and they that sat with them :
1	and when they had withdrawn , they spake one to another , saying , this man doeth nothing worthy of death or of bonds .
1	and agrippa said unto festus , this man might have been set at liberty , if he had not appealed unto caesar .
1	and when it was determined that we should sail for italy , they delivered paul and certain other prisoners to a centurion named julius , of the augustan band .
1	and the next day we touched at sidon : and julius treated paul kindly , and gave him leave to go unto his friends and refresh himself .
1	and putting to sea from thence , we sailed under the lee of cyprus , because the winds were contrary .
1	and when we had sailed across the sea which is off cilicia and pamphylia , we came to myra , a city of lycia .
1	and there the centurion found a ship of alexandria sailing for italy ; and he put us therein .
1	and with difficulty coasting along it we came unto a certain place called fair havens ; nigh whereunto was the city of lasea .
1	and when much time was spent , and the voyage was now dangerous , because the fast was now already gone by , paul admonished them ,
1	but the centurion gave more heed to the master and to the owner of the ship , than to those things which were spoken by paul .
1	and when the south wind blew softly , supposing that they had obtained their purpose , they weighed anchor and sailed along crete , close in shore .
1	but after no long time there beat down from it a tempestuous wind , which is called euraquilo :
1	and when the ship was caught , and could not face the wind , we gave way to it , and were driven .
1	and running under the lee of a small island called cauda , we were able , with difficulty , to secure the boat :
1	and as we labored exceedingly with the storm , the next day they began to throw the freight overboard ;
1	and the third day they cast out with their own hands the tackling of the ship .
1	and now i exhort you to be of good cheer ; for there shall be no loss of life among you , but only of the ship .
1	for there stood by me this night an angel of the god whose i am , whom also i serve ,
1	saying , fear not , paul ; thou must stand before caesar : and lo , god hath granted thee all them that sail with thee .
1	wherefore , sirs , be of good cheer : for i believe god , that it shall be even so as it hath been spoken unto me .
1	but we must be cast upon a certain island .
1	and they sounded , and found twenty fathoms ; and after a little space , they sounded again , and found fifteen fathoms .
1	and fearing lest haply we should be cast ashore on rocky ground , they let go four anchors from the stern , and wished for the day .
1	paul said to the centurion and to the soldiers , except these abide in the ship , ye can not be saved .
1	then the soldiers cut away the ropes of the boat , and let her fall off .
1	then were they all of good cheer , and themselves also took food .
1	and we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and sixteen souls .
1	and when they had eaten enough , they lightened the ship , throwing out the wheat into the sea .
1	and the soldiers ’ counsel was to kill the prisoners , lest any of them should swim out , and escape .
1	and when we were escaped , then we knew that the island was called melita .
1	howbeit he shook off the creature into the fire , and took no harm .
1	and when this was done , the rest also that had diseases in the island came , and were cured :
1	who also honored us with many honors ; and when we sailed , they put on board such things as we needed .
1	and after three months we set sail in a ship of alexandria which had wintered in the island , whose sign was the twin brothers .
1	and touching at syracuse , we tarried there three days .
1	where we found brethren , and were entreated to tarry with them seven days : and so we came to rome .
1	and when we entered into rome , paul was suffered to abide by himself with the soldier that guarded him .
1	who , when they had examined me , desired to set me at liberty , because there was no cause of death in me .
1	but when the jews spake against it , i was constrained to appeal unto caesar ; not that i had aught whereof to accuse my nation .
1	for this cause therefore did i entreat you to see and to speak with me : for because of the hope of israel i am bound with this chain .
1	but we desire to hear of thee what thou thinkest : for as concerning this sect , it is known to us that everywhere it is spoken against .
1	and some believed the things which were spoken , and some disbelieved .
1	for this people ’ s heart is waxed gross ,
1	be it known therefore unto you , that this salvation of god is sent unto the gentiles : they will also hear .
1	and he abode two whole years in his own hired dwelling , and received all that went in unto him ,
1	preaching the kingdom of god , and teaching the things concerning the lord jesus christ with all boldness , none forbidding him .
1	but i will send a fire into the house of hazael , and it shall devour the palaces of ben-hadad .
1	but i will send a fire on the wall of gaza , and it shall devour the palaces thereof .
1	but i will send a fire on the wall of tyre , and it shall devour the palaces thereof .
1	but i will send a fire upon teman , and it shall devour the palaces of bozrah .
1	and their king shall go into captivity , he and his princes together , saith jehovah .
1	and i will cut off the judge from the midst thereof , and will slay all the princes thereof with him , saith jehovah .
1	but i will send a fire upon judah , and it shall devour the palaces of jerusalem .
1	also i brought you up out of the land of egypt , and led you forty years in the wilderness , to possess the land of the amorite .
1	but ye gave the nazirites wine to drink , and commanded the prophets , saying , prophesy not .
1	behold , i will press you in your place , as a cart presseth that is full of sheaves .
1	and flight shall perish from the swift ; and the strong shall not strengthen his force ; neither shall the mighty deliver himself ;
1	and he that is courageous among the mighty shall flee away naked in that day , saith jehovah .
1	you only have i known of all the families of the earth : therefore i will visit upon you all your iniquities .
1	shall two walk together , except they have agreed ?
1	will a lion roar in the forest , when he hath no prey ? will a young lion cry out of his den , if he have taken nothing ?
1	shall the trumpet be blown in a city , and the people not be afraid ? shall evil befall a city , and jehovah hath not done it ?
1	surely the lord jehovah will do nothing , except he reveal his secret unto his servants the prophets .
1	the lion hath roared ; who will not fear ? the lord jehovah hath spoken ; who can but prophesy ?
1	for they know not to do right , saith jehovah , who store up violence and robbery in their palaces .
1	hear ye , and testify against the house of jacob , saith the lord jehovah , the god of hosts .
1	and i will smite the winter-house with the summer-house ; and the houses of ivory shall perish , and the great houses shall have an end , saith jehovah .
1	and ye shall go out at the breaches , every one straight before her ; and ye shall cast yourselves into harmon , saith jehovah .
1	come to beth-el , and transgress ; to gilgal , and multiply transgression ; and bring your sacrifices every morning , and your tithes every three days ;
1	so two or three cities wandered unto one city to drink water , and were not satisfied : yet have ye not returned unto me , saith jehovah .
1	therefore thus will i do unto thee , o israel ; and because i will do this unto thee , prepare to meet thy god , o israel .
1	hear ye this word which i take up for a lamentation over you , o house of israel .
1	the virgin of israel is fallen ; she shall no more rise : she is cast down upon her land ; there is none to raise her up .
1	for thus saith jehovah unto the house of israel , seek ye me , and ye shall live ;
1	ye who turn justice to wormwood , and cast down righteousness to the earth ,
1	that bringeth sudden destruction upon the strong , so that destruction cometh upon the fortress .
1	they hate him that reproveth in the gate , and they abhor him that speaketh uprightly .
1	therefore he that is prudent shall keep silence in such a time ; for it is an evil time .
1	seek good , and not evil , that ye may live ; and so jehovah , the god of hosts , will be with you , as ye say .
1	and in all vineyards shall be wailing ; for i will pass through the midst of thee , saith jehovah .
1	woe unto you that desire the day of jehovah ! wherefore would ye have the day of jehovah ? it is darkness , and not light .
1	shall not the day of jehovah be darkness , and not light ? even very dark , and no brightness in it ?
1	i hate , i despise your feasts , and i will take no delight in your solemn assemblies .
1	yea , though ye offer me your burnt-offerings and meal-offerings , i will not accept them ; neither will i regard the peace-offerings of your fat beasts .
1	take thou away from me the noise of thy songs ; for i will not hear the melody of thy viols .
1	but let justice roll down as waters , and righteousness as a mighty stream .
1	did ye bring unto me sacrifices and offerings in the wilderness forty years , o house of israel ?
1	yea , ye have borne the tabernacle of your king and the shrine of your images , the star of your god , which ye made to yourselves .
1	therefore will i cause you to go into captivity beyond damascus , saith jehovah , whose name is the god of hosts .
1	—ye that put far away the evil day , and cause the seat of violence to come near ;
1	that sing idle songs to the sound of the viol ; that invent for themselves instruments of music , like david ;
1	that drink wine in bowls , and anoint themselves with the chief oils ; but they are not grieved for the affliction of joseph .
1	therefore shall they now go captive with the first that go captive ; and the revelry of them that stretched themselves shall pass away .
1	and it shall come to pass , if there remain ten men in one house , that they shall die .
1	for , behold , jehovah commandeth , and the great house shall be smitten with breaches , and the little house with clefts .
1	shall horses run upon the rock ? will one plow there with oxen ? that ye have turned justice into gall , and the fruit of righteousness into wormwood ;
1	ye that rejoice in a thing of nought , that say , have we not taken to us horns by our own strength ?
1	jehovah repented concerning this : it shall not be , saith jehovah .
1	then said i , o lord jehovah , cease , i beseech thee : how shall jacob stand ? for he is small .
1	jehovah repented concerning this : this also shall not be , saith the lord jehovah .
1	thus he showed me : and , behold , the lord stood beside a wall made by a plumb-line , with a plumb-line in his hand .
1	for thus amos saith , jeroboam shall die by the sword , and israel shall surely be led away captive out of his land .
1	also amaziah said unto amos , o thou seer , go , flee thou away into the land of judah , and there eat bread , and prophesy there :
1	but prophesy not again any more at beth-el ; for it is the king ’ s sanctuary , and it is a royal house .
1	and jehovah took me from following the flock , and jehovah said unto me , go , prophesy unto my people israel .
1	now therefore hear thou the word of jehovah : thou sayest , prophesy not against israel , and drop not thy word against the house of isaac ;
1	thus the lord jehovah showed me : and , behold , a basket of summer fruit .
1	hear this , o ye that would swallow up the needy , and cause the poor of the land to fail ,
1	that we may buy the poor for silver , and the needy for a pair of shoes , and sell the refuse of the wheat ?
1	jehovah hath sworn by the excellency of jacob , surely i will never forget any of their works .
1	in that day shall the fair virgins and the young men faint for thirst .
1	though they dig into sheol , thence shall my hand take them ; and though they climb up to heaven , thence will i bring them down .
1	all the sinners of my people shall die by the sword , who say , the evil shall not overtake nor meet us .
1	that they may possess the remnant of edom , and all the nations that are called by my name , saith jehovah that doeth this .
1	paul , an apostle of christ jesus through the will of god , and timothy our brother ,
1	to the saints and faithful brethren in christ that are at colossae : grace to you and peace from god our father .
1	we give thanks to god the father of our lord jesus christ , praying always for you ,
1	having heard of your faith in christ jesus , and of the love which ye have toward all the saints ,
1	because of the hope which is laid up for you in the heavens , whereof ye heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel ,
1	even as ye learned of epaphras our beloved fellow-servant , who is a faithful minister of christ on our behalf ,
1	who also declared unto us your love in the spirit .
1	to walk worthily of the lord unto all pleasing , bearing fruit in every good work , and increasing in the knowledge of god ;
1	strengthened with all power , according to the might of his glory , unto all patience and longsuffering with joy ;
1	giving thanks unto the father , who made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light ;
1	who delivered us out of the power of darkness , and translated us into the kingdom of the son of his love ;
1	in whom we have our redemption , the forgiveness of our sins :
1	who is the image of the invisible god , the firstborn of all creation ;
1	and he is before all things , and in him all things consist .
1	for it was the good pleasure of the father that in him should all the fulness dwell ;
1	and you , being in time past alienated and enemies in your mind in your evil works ,
1	yet now hath he reconciled in the body of his flesh through death , to present you holy and without blemish and unreproveable before him :
1	whereof i was made a minister , according to the dispensation of god which was given me to you-ward , to fulfil the word of god ,
1	even the mystery which hath been hid for ages and generations : but now hath it been manifested to his saints ,
1	whom we proclaim , admonishing every man and teaching every man in all wisdom , that we may present every man perfect in christ ;
1	whereunto i labor also , striving according to his working , which worketh in me mightily .
1	in whom are all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge hidden .
1	this i say , that no one may delude you with persuasiveness of speech .
1	as therefore ye received christ jesus the lord , so walk in him ,
1	rooted and builded up in him , and established in your faith , even as ye were taught , abounding in thanksgiving .
1	for in him dwelleth all the fulness of the godhead bodily ,
1	and in him ye are made full , who is the head of all principality and power :
1	having been buried with him in baptism , wherein ye were also raised with him through faith in the working of god , who raised him from the dead .
1	having despoiled the principalities and the powers , he made a show of them openly , triumphing over them in it .
1	let no man therefore judge you in meat , or in drink , or in respect of a feast day or a new moon or a sabbath day :
1	which are a shadow of the things to come ; but the body is christ ’ s .
1	if ye died with christ from the rudiments of the world , why , as though living in the world , do ye subject yourselves to ordinances ,
1	handle not , nor taste , nor touch
1	( all which things are to perish with the using ) , after the precepts and doctrines of men ?
1	if then ye were raised together with christ , seek the things that are above , where christ is , seated on the right hand of god .
1	set your mind on the things that are above , not on the things that are upon the earth .
1	for ye died , and your life is hid with christ in god .
1	when christ , who is our life , shall be manifested , then shall ye also with him be manifested in glory .
1	put to death therefore your members which are upon the earth : fornication , uncleanness , passion , evil desire , and covetousness , which is idolatry ;
1	for which things ’ sake cometh the wrath of god upon the sons of disobedience :
1	wherein ye also once walked , when ye lived in these things ;
1	but now do ye also put them all away : anger , wrath , malice , railing , shameful speaking out of your mouth :
1	lie not one to another ; seeing that ye have put off the old man with his doings ,
1	and have put on the new man , that is being renewed unto knowledge after the image of him that created him :
1	where there can not be greek and jew , circumcision and uncircumcision , barbarian , scythian , bondman , freeman ; but christ is all , and in all .
1	put on therefore , as god ’ s elect , holy and beloved , a heart of compassion , kindness , lowliness , meekness , longsuffering ;
1	forbearing one another , and forgiving each other , if any man have a complaint against any ; even as the lord forgave you , so also do ye :
1	and above all these things put on love , which is the bond of perfectness .
1	and let the peace of christ rule in your hearts , to the which also ye were called in one body ; and be ye thankful .
1	and whatsoever ye do , in word or in deed , do all in the name of the lord jesus , giving thanks to god the father through him .
1	wives , be in subjection to your husbands , as is fitting in the lord .
1	husbands , love your wives , and be not bitter against them .
1	children , obey your parents in all things , for this is well-pleasing in the lord .
1	fathers , provoke not your children , that they be not discouraged .
1	whatsoever ye do , work heartily , as unto the lord , and not unto men ;
1	knowing that from the lord ye shall receive the recompense of the inheritance : ye serve the lord christ .
1	for he that doeth wrong shall receive again for the wrong that he hath done : and there is no respect of persons .
1	masters , render unto your servants that which is just and equal ; knowing that ye also have a master in heaven .
1	continue stedfastly in prayer , watching therein with thanksgiving ;
1	that i may make it manifest , as i ought to speak .
1	walk in wisdom toward them that are without , redeeming the time .
1	let your speech be always with grace , seasoned with salt , that ye may know how ye ought to answer each one .
1	all my affairs shall tychicus make known unto you , the beloved brother and faithful minister and fellow-servant in the lord :
1	whom i have sent unto you for this very purpose , that ye may know our state , and that he may comfort your hearts ;
1	together with onesimus , the faithful and beloved brother , who is one of you . they shall make known unto you all things that are done here .
1	aristarchus my fellow-prisoner saluteth you , and mark , the cousin of barnabas ( touching whom ye received commandments ; if he come unto you , receive him ) ,
1	for i bear him witness , that he hath much labor for you , and for them in laodicea , and for them in hierapolis .
1	luke , the beloved physician , and demas salute you .
1	salute the brethren that are in laodicea , and nymphas , and the church that is in their house .
1	and say to archippus , take heed to the ministry which thou hast received in the lord , that thou fulfil it .
1	the salutation of me paul with mine own hand . remember my bonds . grace be with you .
1	paul , and silvanus , and timothy , unto the church of the thessalonians in god the father and the lord jesus christ : grace to you and peace .
1	we give thanks to god always for you all , making mention of you in our prayers ;
1	remembering without ceasing your work of faith and labor of love and patience of hope in our lord jesus christ , before our god and father ;
1	knowing , brethren beloved of god , your election ,
1	and ye became imitators of us , and of the lord , having received the word in much affliction , with joy of the holy spirit ;
1	so that ye became an ensample to all that believe in macedonia and in achaia .
1	and to wait for his son from heaven , whom he raised from the dead , even jesus , who delivereth us from the wrath to come .
1	for yourselves , brethren , know our entering in unto you , that it hath not been found vain :
1	for our exhortation is not of error , nor of uncleanness , nor in guile :
1	for neither at any time were we found using words of flattery , as ye know , nor a cloak of covetousness , god is witness ;
1	nor seeking glory of men , neither from you nor from others , when we might have claimed authority as apostles of christ .
1	but we were gentle in the midst of you , as when a nurse cherisheth her own children :
1	ye are witnesses , and god also , how holily and righteously and unblamably we behaved ourselves toward you that believe :
1	as ye know how we dealt with each one of you , as a father with his own children , exhorting you , and encouraging you , and testifying ,
1	to the end that ye should walk worthily of god , who calleth you into his own kingdom and glory .
1	who both killed the lord jesus and the prophets , and drove out us , and please not god , and are contrary to all men ;
1	because we would fain have come unto you , i paul once and again ; and satan hindered us .
1	for what is our hope , or joy , or crown of glorying ? are not even ye , before our lord jesus at his coming ?
1	for ye are our glory and our joy .
1	wherefore when we could no longer forbear , we thought it good to be left behind at athens alone ;
1	and sent timothy , our brother and god ’ s minister in the gospel of christ , to establish you , and to comfort you concerning your faith ;
1	that no man be moved by these afflictions ; for yourselves know that hereunto we are appointed .
1	for this cause , brethren , we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith :
1	for now we live , if ye stand fast in the lord .
1	for what thanksgiving can we render again unto god for you , for all the joy wherewith we joy for your sakes before our god ;
1	night and day praying exceedingly that we may see your face , and may perfect that which is lacking in your faith ?
1	now may our god and father himself , and our lord jesus , direct our way unto you :
1	and the lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another , and toward all men , even as we also do toward you ;
1	to the end he may establish your hearts unblamable in holiness before our god and father , at the coming of our lord jesus with all his saints .
1	for ye know what charge we gave you through the lord jesus .
1	for this is the will of god , even your sanctification , that ye abstain from fornication ;
1	that each one of you know how to possess himself of his own vessel in sanctification and honor ,
1	not in the passion of lust , even as the gentiles who know not god ;
1	for god called us not for uncleanness , but in sanctification .
1	therefore he that rejecteth , rejecteth not man , but god , who giveth his holy spirit unto you .
1	but concerning love of the brethren ye have no need that one write unto you : for ye yourselves are taught of god to love one another ;
1	for indeed ye do it toward all the brethren that are in all macedonia . but we exhort you , brethren , that ye abound more and more ;
1	and that ye study to be quiet , and to do your own business , and to work with your hands , even as we charged you ;
1	that ye may walk becomingly toward them that are without , and may have need of nothing .
1	for if we believe that jesus died and rose again , even so them also that are fallen asleep in jesus will god bring with him .
1	wherefore comfort one another with these words .
1	but concerning the times and the seasons , brethren , ye have no need that aught be written unto you .
1	for yourselves know perfectly that the day of the lord so cometh as a thief in the night .
1	but ye , brethren , are not in darkness , that that day should overtake you as a thief :
1	for ye are all sons of light , and sons of the day : we are not of the night , nor of darkness ;
1	so then let us not sleep , as do the rest , but let us watch and be sober .
1	for they that sleep sleep in the night ; and they that are drunken are drunken in the night .
1	for god appointed us not unto wrath , but unto the obtaining of salvation through our lord jesus christ ,
1	who died for us , that , whether we wake or sleep , we should live together with him .
1	wherefore exhort one another , and build each other up , even as also ye do .
1	but we beseech you , brethren , to know them that labor among you , and are over you in the lord , and admonish you ;
1	and to esteem them exceeding highly in love for their work ’ s sake . be at peace among yourselves .
1	and we exhort you , brethren , admonish the disorderly , encourage the faint-hearted , support the weak , be longsuffering toward all .
1	see that none render unto any one evil for evil ; but always follow after that which is good , one toward another , and toward all .
1	in everything give thanks : for this is the will of god in christ jesus to you-ward .
1	quench not the spirit ;
1	prove all things ; hold fast that which is good ;
1	abstain from every form of evil .
1	faithful is he that calleth you , who will also do it .
1	brethren , pray for us .
1	salute all the brethren with a holy kiss .
1	i adjure you by the lord that this epistle be read unto all the brethren .
1	the grace of our lord jesus christ be with you .
1	paul , and silvanus , and timothy , unto the church of the thessalonians in god our father and the lord jesus christ ;
1	grace to you and peace from god the father and the lord jesus christ .
1	so that we ourselves glory in you in the churches of god for your patience and faith in all your persecutions and in the afflictions which ye endure ;
1	if so be that it is a righteous thing with god to recompense affliction to them that afflict you ,
1	and to you that are afflicted rest with us , at the revelation of the lord jesus from heaven with the angels of his power in flaming fire ,
1	rendering vengeance to them that know not god , and to them that obey not the gospel of our lord jesus :
1	who shall suffer punishment , even eternal destruction from the face of the lord and from the glory of his might ,
1	now we beseech you , brethren , touching the coming of our lord jesus christ , and our gathering together unto him ;
1	remember ye not , that , when i was yet with you , i told you these things ?
1	and now ye know that which restraineth , to the end that he may be revealed in his own season .
1	for the mystery of lawlessness doth already work : only there is one that restraineth now , until he be taken out of the way .
1	even he , whose coming is according to the working of satan with all power and signs and lying wonders ,
1	and with all deceit of unrighteousness for them that perish ; because they received not the love of the truth , that they might be saved .
1	and for this cause god sendeth them a working of error , that they should believe a lie :
1	that they all might be judged who believed not the truth , but had pleasure in unrighteousness .
1	whereunto he called you through our gospel , to the obtaining of the glory of our lord jesus christ .
1	so then , brethren , stand fast , and hold the traditions which ye were taught , whether by word , or by epistle of ours .
1	now our lord jesus christ himself , and god our father who loved us and gave us eternal comfort and good hope through grace ,
1	comfort your hearts and establish them in every good work and word .
1	finally , brethren , pray for us , that the word of the lord may run and be glorified , even as also it is with you ;
1	and that we may be delivered from unreasonable and evil men ; for all have not faith .
1	but the lord is faithful , who shall establish you , and guard you from the evil one .
1	and we have confidence in the lord touching you , that ye both do and will do the things which we command .
1	and the lord direct your hearts into the love of god , and into the patience of christ .
1	for yourselves know how ye ought to imitate us : for we behaved not ourselves disorderly among you ;
1	not because we have not the right , but to make ourselves an ensample unto you , that ye should imitate us .
1	for even when we were with you , this we commanded you , if any will not work , neither let him eat .
1	for we hear of some that walk among you disorderly , that work not at all , but are busybodies .
1	now them that are such we command and exhort in the lord jesus christ , that with quietness they work , and eat their own bread .
1	but ye , brethren , be not weary in well-doing .
1	and yet count him not as an enemy , but admonish him as a brother .
1	now the lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways . the lord be with you all .
1	the salutation of me paul with mine own hand , which is the token in every epistle : so i write .
1	the grace of our lord jesus christ be with you all .
1	paul , an apostle of christ jesus according to the commandment of god our saviour , and christ jesus our hope ;
1	unto timothy , my true child in faith : grace , mercy , peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
1	as i exhorted thee to tarry at ephesus , when i was going into macedonia , that thou mightest charge certain men not to teach a different doctrine ,
1	neither to give heed to fables and endless genealogies , which minister questionings , rather than a dispensation of god which is in faith ; so do i now .
1	but the end of the charge is love out of a pure heart and a good conscience and faith unfeigned :
1	from which things some having swerved have turned aside unto vain talking ;
1	desiring to be teachers of the law , though they understand neither what they say , nor whereof they confidently affirm .
1	but we know that the law is good , if a man use it lawfully ,
1	according to the gospel of the glory of the blessed god , which was committed to my trust .
1	i thank him that enabled me , even christ jesus our lord , for that he counted me faithful , appointing me to his service ;
1	though i was before a blasphemer , and a persecutor , and injurious : howbeit i obtained mercy , because i did it ignorantly in unbelief ;
1	and the grace of our lord abounded exceedingly with faith and love which is in christ jesus .
1	faithful is the saying , and worthy of all acceptation , that christ jesus came into the world to save sinners ; of whom i am chief :
1	now unto the king eternal , immortal , invisible , the only god , be honor and glory for ever and ever . amen .
1	holding faith and a good conscience ; which some having thrust from them made shipwreck concerning the faith :
1	of whom is hymenaeus and alexander ; whom i delivered unto satan , that they might be taught not to blaspheme .
1	i exhort therefore , first of all , that supplications , prayers , intercessions , thanksgivings , be made for all men ;
1	for kings and all that are in high place ; that we may lead a tranquil and quiet life in all godliness and gravity .
1	this is good and acceptable in the sight of god our saviour ;
1	who would have all men to be saved , and come to the knowledge of the truth .
1	for there is one god , one mediator also between god and men , himself man , christ jesus ,
1	who gave himself a ransom for all ; the testimony to be borne in its own times ;
1	whereunto i was appointed a preacher and an apostle ( i speak the truth , i lie not ) , a teacher of the gentiles in faith and truth .
1	i desire therefore that the men pray in every place , lifting up holy hands , without wrath and disputing .
1	in like manner , that women adorn themselves in modest apparel , with shamefastness and sobriety ; not with braided hair , and gold or pearls or costly raiment ;
1	but ( which becometh women professing godliness ) through good works .
1	let a woman learn in quietness with all subjection .
1	but i permit not a woman to teach , nor to have dominion over a man , but to be in quietness .
1	for adam was first formed , then eve ;
1	and adam was not beguiled , but the woman being beguiled hath fallen into transgression :
1	but she shall be saved through her child-bearing , if they continue in faith and love and sanctification with sobriety .
1	faithful is the saying , if a man seeketh the office of a bishop , he desireth a good work .
1	the bishop therefore must be without reproach , the husband of one wife , temperate , sober-minded , orderly , given to hospitality , apt to teach ;
1	no brawler , no striker ; but gentle , not contentious , no lover of money ;
1	one that ruleth well his own house , having his children in subjection with all gravity ;
1	( but if a man knoweth not how to rule his own house , how shall he take care of the church of god ? )
1	not a novice , lest being puffed up he fall into the condemnation of the devil .
1	moreover he must have good testimony from them that are without ; lest he fall into reproach and the snare of the devil .
1	deacons in like manner must be grave , not double-tongued , not given to much wine , not greedy of filthy lucre ;
1	holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience .
1	and let these also first be proved ; then let them serve as deacons , if they be blameless .
1	women in like manner must be grave , not slanderers , temperate , faithful in all things .
1	let deacons be husbands of one wife , ruling their children and their own houses well .
1	for they that have served well as deacons gain to themselves a good standing , and great boldness in the faith which is in christ jesus .
1	these things write i unto thee , hoping to come unto thee shortly ;
1	and without controversy great is the mystery of godliness ;
1	but the spirit saith expressly , that in later times some shall fall away from the faith , giving heed to seducing spirits and doctrines of demons ,
1	through the hypocrisy of men that speak lies , branded in their own conscience as with a hot iron ;
1	forbidding to marry , and commanding to abstain from meats , which god created to be received with thanksgiving by them that believe and know the truth .
1	for every creature of god is good , and nothing is to be rejected , if it be received with thanksgiving :
1	for it is sanctified through the word of god and prayer .
1	but refuse profane and old wives ’ fables . and exercise thyself unto godliness :
1	faithful is the saying , and worthy of all acceptation .
1	these things command and teach .
1	till i come , give heed to reading , to exhortation , to teaching .
1	neglect not the gift that is in thee , which was given thee by prophecy , with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery .
1	be diligent in these things ; give thyself wholly to them ; that thy progress may be manifest unto all .
1	take heed to thyself , and to thy teaching . continue in these things ; for in doing this thou shalt save both thyself and them that hear thee .
1	rebuke not an elder , but exhort him as a father ; the younger men as brethren :
1	the elder women as mothers ; the younger as sisters , in all purity .
1	honor widows that are widows indeed .
1	now she that is a widow indeed , and desolate , hath her hope set on god , and continueth in supplications and prayers night and day .
1	but she that giveth herself to pleasure is dead while she liveth .
1	these things also command , that they may be without reproach .
1	but if any provideth not for his own , and specially his own household , he hath denied the faith , and is worse than an unbeliever .
1	let none be enrolled as a widow under threescore years old , having been the wife of one man ,
1	but younger widows refuse : for when they have waxed wanton against christ , they desire to marry ;
1	having condemnation , because they have rejected their first pledge .
1	i desire therefore that the younger widows marry , bear children , rule the household , give no occasion to the adversary for reviling :
1	for already some are turned aside after satan .
1	let the elders that rule well be counted worthy of double honor , especially those who labor in the word and in teaching .
1	for the scripture saith , thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn . and , the laborer is worthy of his hire .
1	against an elder receive not an accusation , except at the mouth of two or three witnesses .
1	them that sin reprove in the sight of all , that the rest also may be in fear .
1	lay hands hastily on no man , neither be partaker of other men ’ s sins : keep thyself pure .
1	be no longer a drinker of water , but use a little wine for thy stomach ’ s sake and thine often infirmities .
1	some men ’ s sins are evident , going before unto judgment ; and some men also they follow after .
1	in like manner also there are good works that are evident ; and such as are otherwise can not be hid .
1	let as many as are servants under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor , that the name of god and the doctrine be not blasphemed .
1	he is puffed up , knowing nothing , but doting about questionings and disputes of words , whereof cometh envy , strife , railings , evil surmisings ,
1	wranglings of men corrupted in mind and bereft of the truth , supposing that godliness is a way of gain .
1	but godliness with contentment is great gain :
1	for we brought nothing into the world , for neither can we carry anything out ;
1	but having food and covering we shall be therewith content .
1	but thou , o man of god , flee these things ; and follow after righteousness , godliness , faith , love , patience , meekness .
1	i charge thee in the sight of god , who giveth life to all things , and of christ jesus , who before pontius pilate witnessed the good confession ;
1	that thou keep the commandment , without spot , without reproach , until the appearing of our lord jesus christ :
1	which in its own times he shall show , who is the blessed and only potentate , the king of kings , and lord of lords ;
1	who only hath immortality , dwelling in light unapproachable ; whom no man hath seen , nor can see : to whom be honor and power eternal . amen .
1	that they do good , that they be rich in good works , that they be ready to distribute , willing to communicate ;
1	laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come , that they may lay hold on the life which is life indeed .
1	o timothy , guard that which is committed unto thee , turning away from the profane babblings and oppositions of the knowledge which is falsely so called ;
1	which some professing have erred concerning the faith .
1	paul , an apostle of christ jesus through the will of god , according to the promise of the life which is in christ jesus ,
1	to timothy , my beloved child : grace , mercy , peace , from god the father and christ jesus our lord .
1	i thank god , whom i serve from my forefathers in a pure conscience , how unceasing is my remembrance of thee in my supplications , night and day
1	longing to see thee , remembering thy tears , that i may be filled with joy ;
1	for which cause i put thee in remembrance that thou stir up the gift of god , which is in thee through the laying on of my hands .
1	for god gave us not a spirit of fearfulness ; but of power and love and discipline .
1	be not ashamed therefore of the testimony of our lord , nor of me his prisoner : but suffer hardship with the gospel according to the power of god ;
1	but hath now been manifested by the appearing of our saviour christ jesus , who abolished death , and brought life and immortality to light through the gospel ,
1	whereunto i was appointed a preacher , and an apostle , and a teacher .
1	hold the pattern of sound words which thou hast heard from me , in faith and love which is in christ jesus .
1	that good thing which was committed unto thee guard through the holy spirit which dwelleth in us .
1	this thou knowest , that all that are in asia turned away from me ; of whom are phygelus and hermogenes .
1	the lord grant mercy unto the house of onesiphorus : for he oft refreshed me , and was not ashamed of my chain ;
1	but , when he was in rome , he sought me diligently , and found me
1	thou therefore , my child , be strengthened in the grace that is in christ jesus .
1	and the things which thou hast heard from me among many witnesses , the same commit thou to faithful men , who shall be able to teach others also .
1	suffer hardship with me , as a good soldier of christ jesus .
1	no soldier on service entangleth himself in the affairs of this life ; that he may please him who enrolled him as a soldier .
1	and if also a man contend in the games , he is not crowned , except he have contended lawfully .
1	the husbandman that laboreth must be the first to partake of the fruits .
1	consider what i say ; for the lord shall give thee understanding in all things .
1	remember jesus christ , risen from the dead , of the seed of david , according to my gospel :
1	wherein i suffer hardship unto bonds , as a malefactor ; but the word of god is not bound .
1	therefore i endure all things for the elect ’ s sake , that they also may obtain the salvation which is in christ jesus with eternal glory .
1	faithful is the saying : for if we died with him , we shall also live with him :
1	if we endure , we shall also reign with him : if we shall deny him , he also will deny us :
1	if we are faithless , he abideth faithful ; for he can not deny himself .
1	give diligence to present thyself approved unto god , a workman that needeth not to be ashamed , handling aright the word of truth .
1	but shun profane babblings : for they will proceed further in ungodliness ,
1	and their word will eat as doth a gangrene : of whom is hymenaeus and philetus ;
1	men who concerning the truth have erred , saying that the resurrection is past already , and overthrow the faith of some .
1	but flee youthful lusts , and follow after righteousness , faith , love , peace , with them that call on the lord out of a pure heart .
1	but foolish and ignorant questionings refuse , knowing that they gender strifes .
1	and the lord ’ s servant must not strive , but be gentle towards all , apt to teach , forbearing ,
1	in meekness correcting them that oppose themselves ; if peradventure god may give them repentance unto the knowledge of the truth ,
1	and they may recover themselves out of the snare of the devil , having been taken captive by him unto his will .
1	but know this , that in the last days grievous times shall come .
1	for men shall be lovers of self , lovers of money , boastful , haughty , railers , disobedient to parents , unthankful , unholy ,
1	without natural affection , implacable , slanderers , without self-control , fierce , no lovers of good ,
1	traitors , headstrong , puffed up , lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of god ;
1	holding a form of godliness , but having denied the power thereof : from these also turn away .
1	for of these are they that creep into houses , and take captive silly women laden with sins , led away by divers lusts ,
1	ever learning , and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth .
1	and even as jannes and jambres withstood moses , so do these also withstand the truth ; men corrupted in mind , reprobate concerning the faith .
1	but they shall proceed no further : for their folly shall be evident unto all men , as theirs also came to be .
1	but thou didst follow my teaching , conduct , purpose , faith , longsuffering , love , patience ,
1	yea , and all that would live godly in christ jesus shall suffer persecution .
1	but evil men and impostors shall wax worse and worse , deceiving and being deceived .
1	but abide thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of , knowing of whom thou hast learned them ;
1	and that from a babe thou hast known the sacred writings which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in christ jesus .
1	every scripture inspired of god is also profitable for teaching , for reproof , for correction , for instruction which is in righteousness :
1	that the man of god may be complete , furnished completely unto every good work .
1	preach the word ; be urgent in season , out of season ; reprove , rebuke , exhort , with all longsuffering and teaching .
1	for the time will come when they will not endure the sound doctrine ; but , having itching ears , will heap to themselves teachers after their own lusts ;
1	and will turn away their ears from the truth , and turn aside unto fables .
1	but be thou sober in all things , suffer hardship , do the work of an evangelist , fulfil thy ministry .
1	for i am already being offered , and the time of my departure is come .
1	i have fought the good fight , i have finished the course , i have kept the faith :
1	give diligence to come shortly unto me :
1	for demas forsook me , having loved this present world , and went to thessalonica ; crescens to galatia , titus to dalmatia .
1	only luke is with me . take mark , and bring him with thee ; for he is useful to me for ministering .
1	but tychicus i sent to ephesus .
1	the cloak that i left at troas with carpus , bring when thou comest , and the books , especially the parchments .
1	alexander the coppersmith did me much evil : the lord will render to him according to his works :
1	of whom do thou also beware ; for he greatly withstood our words .
1	at my first defence no one took my part , but all forsook me : may it not be laid to their account .
1	salute prisca and aquila , and the house of onesiphorus .
1	erastus remained at corinth : but trophimus i left at miletus sick .
1	give diligence to come before winter . eubulus saluteth thee , and pudens , and linus , and claudia , and all the brethren .
1	the lord be with thy spirit . grace be with you .
1	in the third year of the reign of jehoiakim king of judah came nebuchadnezzar king of babylon unto jerusalem , and besieged it .
1	now among these were , of the children of judah , daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah .
1	now god made daniel to find kindness and compassion in the sight of the prince of the eunuchs .
1	then said daniel to the steward whom the prince of the eunuchs had appointed over daniel , hananiah , mishael , and azariah :
1	prove thy servants , i beseech thee , ten days ; and let them give us pulse to eat , and water to drink .
1	so he hearkened unto them in this matter , and proved them ten days .
1	so the steward took away their dainties , and the wine that they should drink , and gave them pulse .
1	now as for these four youths , god gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom : and daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams .
1	and at the end of the days which the king had appointed for bringing them in , the prince of the eunuchs brought them in before nebuchadnezzar .
1	and daniel continued even unto the first year of king cyrus .
1	and in the second year of the reign of nebuchadnezzar , nebuchadnezzar dreamed dreams ; and his spirit was troubled , and his sleep went from him .
1	and the king said unto them , i have dreamed a dream , and my spirit is troubled to know the dream .
1	they answered the second time and said , let the king tell his servants the dream , and we will show the interpretation .
1	the king answered and said , i know of a certainty that ye would gain time , because ye see the thing is gone from me .
1	for this cause the king was angry and very furious , and commanded to destroy all the wise men of babylon .
1	so the decree went forth , and the wise men were to be slain ; and they sought daniel and his companions to be slain .
1	and daniel went in , and desired of the king that he would appoint him a time , and he would show the king the interpretation .
1	then daniel went to his house , and made the thing known to hananiah , mishael , and azariah , his companions :
1	then was the secret revealed unto daniel in a vision of the night . then daniel blessed the god of heaven .
1	daniel answered and said , blessed be the name of god for ever and ever ; for wisdom and might are his .
1	he revealeth the deep and secret things ; he knoweth what is in the darkness , and the light dwelleth with him .
1	as for this image , its head was of fine gold , its breast and its arms of silver , its belly and its thighs of brass ,
1	its legs of iron , its feet part of iron , and part of clay .
1	this is the dream ; and we will tell the interpretation thereof before the king .
1	and after thee shall arise another kingdom inferior to thee ; and another third kingdom of brass , which shall bear rule over all the earth .
1	and as the toes of the feet were part of iron , and part of clay , so the kingdom shall be partly strong , and partly broken .
1	then the king nebuchadnezzar fell upon his face , and worshipped daniel , and commanded that they should offer an oblation and sweet odors unto him .
1	then the herald cried aloud , to you it is commanded , o peoples , nations , and languages ,
1	and whoso falleth not down and worshippeth shall the same hour be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace .
1	wherefore at that time certain chaldeans came near , and brought accusation against the jews .
1	they answered and said to nebuchadnezzar the king , o king , live for ever .
1	and whoso falleth not down and worshippeth , shall be cast into the midst of a burning fiery furnace .
1	then nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring shadrach , meshach , and abed-nego . then they brought these men before the king .
1	shadrach , meshach , and abed-nego answered and said to the king , o nebuchadnezzar , we have no need to answer thee in this matter .
1	and he commanded certain mighty men that were in his army to bind shadrach , meshach , and abed-nego , and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace .
1	and these three men , shadrach , meshach , and abed-nego , fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace .
1	then the king promoted shadrach , meshach , and abed-nego in the province of babylon .
1	nebuchadnezzar the king , unto all the peoples , nations , and languages , that dwell in all the earth : peace be multiplied unto you .
1	it hath seemed good unto me to show the signs and wonders that the most high god hath wrought toward me .
1	how great are his signs ! and how mighty are his wonders ! his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom , and his dominion is from generation to generation .
1	i , nebuchadnezzar , was at rest in my house , and flourishing in my palace .
1	i saw a dream which made me afraid ; and the thoughts upon my bed and the visions of my head troubled me .
1	therefore made i a decree to bring in all the wise men of babylon before me , that they might make known unto me the interpretation of the dream .
1	the tree grew , and was strong , and the height thereof reached unto heaven , and the sight thereof to the end of all the earth .
1	i saw in the visions of my head upon my bed , and , behold , a watcher and a holy one came down from heaven .
1	let his heart be changed from man ’ s , and let a beast ’ s heart be given unto him ; and let seven times pass over him .
1	the tree that thou sawest , which grew , and was strong , whose height reached unto heaven , and the sight thereof to all the earth ;
1	this is the interpretation , o king , and it is the decree of the most high , which is come upon my lord the king :
1	all this came upon the king nebuchadnezzar .
1	at the end of twelve months he was walking in the royal palace of babylon .
1	belshazzar the king made a great feast to a thousand of his lords , and drank wine before the thousand .
1	they drank wine , and praised the gods of gold , and of silver , of brass , of iron , of wood , and of stone .
1	then came in all the king ’ s wise men ; but they could not read the writing , nor make known to the king the interpretation .
1	then was king belshazzar greatly troubled , and his countenance was changed in him , and his lords were perplexed .
1	i have heard of thee , that the spirit of the gods is in thee , and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom are found in thee .
1	o thou king , the most high god gave nebuchadnezzar thy father the kingdom , and greatness , and glory , and majesty :
1	and thou his son , o belshazzar , hast not humbled thy heart , though thou knewest all this ,
1	then was the part of the hand sent from before him , and this writing was inscribed .
1	and this is the writing that was inscribed : mene , mene , tekel , upharsin .
1	this is the interpretation of the thing : mene ; god hath numbered thy kingdom , and brought it to an end .
1	tekel ; thou art weighed in the balances , and art found wanting .
1	peres ; thy kingdom is divided , and given to the medes and persians .
1	in that night belshazzar the chaldean king was slain .
1	and darius the mede received the kingdom , being about threescore and two years old .
1	it pleased darius to set over the kingdom a hundred and twenty satraps , who should be throughout the whole kingdom ;
1	and over them three presidents , of whom daniel was one ; that these satraps might give account unto them , and that the king should have no damage .
1	then said these men , we shall not find any occasion against this daniel , except we find it against him concerning the law of his god .
1	then these presidents and satraps assembled together to the king , and said thus unto him , king darius , live for ever .
1	wherefore king darius signed the writing and the interdict .
1	then these men assembled together , and found daniel making petition and supplication before his god .
1	then the king went to his palace , and passed the night fasting ; neither were instruments of music brought before him : and his sleep fled from him .
1	then the king arose very early in the morning , and went in haste unto the den of lions .
1	then said daniel unto the king , o king , live for ever .
1	then king darius wrote unto all the peoples , nations , and languages , that dwell in all the earth : peace be multiplied unto you .
1	he delivereth and rescueth , and he worketh signs and wonders in heaven and in earth , who hath delivered daniel from the power of the lions .
1	so this daniel prospered in the reign of darius , and in the reign of cyrus the persian .
1	daniel spake and said , i saw in my vision by night , and , behold , the four winds of heaven brake forth upon the great sea .
1	and four great beasts came up from the sea , diverse one from another .
1	and as for the rest of the beasts , their dominion was taken away : yet their lives were prolonged for a season and a time .
1	as for me , daniel , my spirit was grieved in the midst of my body , and the visions of my head troubled me .
1	these great beasts , which are four , are four kings , that shall arise out of the earth .
1	but the saints of the most high shall receive the kingdom , and possess the kingdom for ever , even for ever and ever .
1	i beheld , and the same horn made war with the saints , and prevailed against them ;
1	until the ancient of days came , and judgment was given to the saints of the most high , and the time came that the saints possessed the kingdom .
1	but the judgment shall be set , and they shall take away his dominion , to consume and to destroy it unto the end .
1	and he said unto me , unto two thousand and three hundred evenings and mornings ; then shall the sanctuary be cleansed .
1	the ram which thou sawest , that had the two horns , they are the kings of media and persia .
1	and the rough he-goat is the king of greece : and the great horn that is between his eyes is the first king .
1	in the first year of darius the son of ahasuerus , of the seed of the medes , who was made king over the realm of the chaldeans ,
1	and i set my face unto the lord god , to seek by prayer and supplications , with fasting and sackcloth and ashes .
1	we have sinned , and have dealt perversely , and have done wickedly , and have rebelled , even turning aside from thy precepts and from thine ordinances ;
1	o lord , to us belongeth confusion of face , to our kings , to our princes , and to our fathers , because we have sinned against thee .
1	to the lord our god belong mercies and forgiveness ; for we have rebelled against him ;
1	neither have we obeyed the voice of jehovah our god , to walk in his laws , which he set before us by his servants the prophets .
1	and he instructed me , and talked with me , and said , o daniel , i am now come forth to give thee wisdom and understanding .
1	in those days i , daniel , was mourning three whole weeks .
1	i ate no pleasant bread , neither came flesh nor wine into my mouth , neither did i anoint myself at all , till three whole weeks were fulfilled .
1	and in the four and twentieth day of the first month , as i was by the side of the great river , which is hiddekel ,
1	i lifted up mine eyes , and looked , and , behold , a man clothed in linen , whose loins were girded with pure gold of uphaz :
1	and , behold , a hand touched me , which set me upon my knees and upon the palms of my hands .
1	now i am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days ; for the vision is yet for many days .
1	and when he had spoken unto me according to these words , i set my face toward the ground , and was dumb .
1	then there touched me again one like the appearance of a man , and he strengthened me .
1	and as for me , in the first year of darius the mede , i stood up to confirm and strengthen him .
1	and a mighty king shall stand up , that shall rule with great dominion , and do according to his will .
1	and he shall come into the realm of the king of the south , but he shall return into his own land .
1	and the multitude shall be lifted up , and his heart shall be exalted ; and he shall cast down tens of thousands , but he shall not prevail .
1	then he shall turn his face toward the fortresses of his own land ; but he shall stumble and fall , and shall not be found .
1	and the overwhelming forces shall be overwhelmed from before him , and shall be broken ; yea , also the prince of the covenant .
1	and after the league made with him he shall work deceitfully ; for he shall come up , and shall become strong , with a small people .
1	yea , they that eat of his dainties shall destroy him , and his army shall overflow ; and many shall fall down slain .
1	at the time appointed he shall return , and come into the south ; but it shall not be in the latter time as it was in the former .
1	and such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he pervert by flatteries ; but the people that know their god shall be strong , and do exploits .
1	now when they shall fall , they shall be helped with a little help ; but many shall join themselves unto them with flatteries .
1	neither shall he regard the gods of his fathers , nor the desire of women , nor regard any god ; for he shall magnify himself above all .
1	he shall stretch forth his hand also upon the countries ; and the land of egypt shall not escape .
1	and many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake , some to everlasting life , and some to shame and everlasting contempt .
1	and they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament ; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever .
1	and i heard , but i understood not : then said i , o my lord , what shall be the issue of these things ?
1	and he said , go thy way , daniel ; for the words are shut up and sealed till the time of the end .
1	blessed is he that waiteth , and cometh to the thousand three hundred and five and thirty days .
1	but go thou thy way till the end be ; for thou shalt rest , and shalt stand in thy lot , at the end of the days .
1	it is eleven days ’ journey from horeb by the way of mount seir unto kadesh-barnea .
1	beyond the jordan , in the land of moab , began moses to declare this law , saying ,
1	jehovah our god spake unto us in horeb , saying , ye have dwelt long enough in this mountain :
1	and i spake unto you at that time , saying , i am not able to bear you myself alone :
1	jehovah your god hath multiplied you , and , behold , ye are this day as the stars of heaven for multitude .
1	jehovah , the god of your fathers , make you a thousand times as many as ye are , and bless you , as he hath promised you !
1	how can i myself alone bear your cumbrance , and your burden , and your strife ?
1	take you wise men , and understanding , and known , according to your tribes , and i will make them heads over you .
1	and ye answered me , and said , the thing which thou hast spoken is good for us to do .
1	and i commanded you at that time all the things which ye should do .
1	and i said unto you , ye are come unto the hill-country of the amorites , which jehovah our god giveth unto us .
1	and the thing pleased me well ; and i took twelve men of you , one man for every tribe :
1	and they turned and went up into the hill-country , and came unto the valley of eshcol , and spied it out .
1	yet ye would not go up , but rebelled against the commandment of jehovah your god :
1	then i said unto you , dread not , neither be afraid of them .
1	jehovah your god who goeth before you , he will fight for you , according to all that he did for you in egypt before your eyes ,
1	yet in this thing ye did not believe jehovah your god ,
1	and jehovah heard the voice of your words , and was wroth , and sware , saying ,
1	surely there shall not one of these men of this evil generation see the good land , which i sware to give unto your fathers ,
1	also jehovah was angry with me for your sakes , saying , thou also shalt not go in thither :
1	joshua the son of nun , who standeth before thee , he shall go in thither : encourage thou him ; for he shall cause israel to inherit it .
1	but as for you , turn you , and take your journey into the wilderness by the way to the red sea .
1	and ye returned and wept before jehovah ; but jehovah hearkened not to your voice , nor gave ear unto you .
1	so ye abode in kadesh many days , according unto the days that ye abode there .
1	and jehovah spake unto me , saying ,
1	ye have compassed this mountain long enough : turn you northward .
1	ye shall purchase food of them for money , that ye may eat ; and ye shall also buy water of them for money , that ye may drink .
1	so we passed by from our brethren the children of esau , that dwell in seir , from the way of the arabah from elath and from ezion-geber .
1	( the emim dwelt therein aforetime , a people great , and many , and tall , as the anakim :
1	these also are accounted rephaim , as the anakim ; but the moabites call them emim .
1	now rise up , and get you over the brook zered . and we went over the brook zered .
1	moreover the hand of jehovah was against them , to destroy them from the midst of the camp , until they were consumed .
1	so it came to pass , when all the men of war were consumed and dead from among the people ,
1	that jehovah spake unto me , saying ,
1	thou art this day to pass over ar , the border of moab :
1	( that also is accounted a land of rephaim : rephaim dwelt therein aforetime ; but the ammonites call them zamzummim ,
1	and i sent messengers out of the wilderness of kedemoth unto sihon king of heshbon with words of peace , saying ,
1	let me pass through thy land : i will go along by the highway , i will turn neither unto the right hand nor to the left .
1	then sihon came out against us , he and all his people , unto battle at jahaz .
1	and jehovah our god delivered him up before us ; and we smote him , and his sons , and all his people .
1	and we took all his cities at that time , and utterly destroyed every inhabited city , with the women and the little ones ; we left none remaining :
1	only the cattle we took for a prey unto ourselves , with the spoil of the cities which we had taken .
1	all these were cities fortified with high walls , gates , and bars ; besides the unwalled towns a great many .
1	and we utterly destroyed them , as we did unto sihon king of heshbon , utterly destroying every inhabited city , with the women and the little ones .
1	but all the cattle , and the spoil of the cities , we took for a prey unto ourselves .
1	( which hermon the sidonians call sirion , and the amorites call it senir ) ;
1	all the cities of the plain , and all gilead , and all bashan , unto salecah and edrei , cities of the kingdom of og in bashan .
1	and i gave gilead unto machir .
1	ye shall not fear them ; for jehovah your god , he it is that fighteth for you .
1	and i besought jehovah at that time , saying ,
1	let me go over , i pray thee , and see the good land that is beyond the jordan , that goodly mountain , and lebanon .
1	so we abode in the valley over against beth-peor .
1	but ye that did cleave unto jehovah your god are alive every one of you this day .
1	for what great nation is there , that hath a god so nigh unto them , as jehovah our god is whensoever we call upon him ?
1	and what great nation is there , that hath statutes and ordinances so righteous as all this law , which i set before you this day ?
1	and he declared unto you his covenant , which he commanded you to perform , even the ten commandments ; and he wrote them upon two tables of stone .
1	and jehovah commanded me at that time to teach you statutes and ordinances , that ye might do them in the land whither ye go over to possess it .
1	lest ye corrupt yourselves , and make you a graven image in the form of any figure , the likeness of male or female ,
1	the likeness of any beast that is on the earth , the likeness of any winged bird that flieth in the heavens ,
1	the likeness of anything that creepeth on the ground , the likeness of any fish that is in the water under the earth ;
1	but i must die in this land , i must not go over the jordan ; but ye shall go over , and possess that good land .
1	for jehovah thy god is a devouring fire , a jealous god .
1	and jehovah will scatter you among the peoples , and ye shall be left few in number among the nations , whither jehovah shall lead you away .
1	did ever a people hear the voice of god speaking out of the midst of the fire , as thou hast heard , and live ?
1	unto thee it was showed , that thou mightest know that jehovah he is god ; there is none else besides him .
1	then moses set apart three cities beyond the jordan toward the sunrising ;
1	and this is the law which moses set before the children of israel :
1	these are the testimonies , and the statutes , and the ordinances , which moses spake unto the children of israel , when they came forth out of egypt ,
1	from aroer , which is on the edge of the valley of the arnon , even unto mount sion ( the same is hermon ) ,
1	and all the arabah beyond the jordan eastward , even unto the sea of the arabah , under the slopes of pisgah .
1	jehovah our god made a covenant with us in horeb .
1	jehovah made not this covenant with our fathers , but with us , even us , who are all of us here alive this day .
1	jehovah spake with you face to face in the mount out of the midst of the fire
1	i am jehovah thy god , who brought thee out of the land of egypt , out of the house of bondage .
1	thou shalt have no other gods before me .
1	and showing lovingkindness unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments .
1	thou shalt not take the name of jehovah thy god in vain : for jehovah will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain .
1	observe the sabbath day , to keep it holy , as jehovah thy god commanded thee .
1	six days shalt thou labor , and do all thy work ;
1	thou shalt not kill .
1	neither shalt thou commit adultery .
1	neither shalt thou steal .
1	neither shalt thou bear false witness against thy neighbor .
1	go say to them , return ye to your tents .
1	ye shall observe to do therefore as jehovah your god hath commanded you : ye shall not turn aside to the right hand or to the left .
1	hear , o israel : jehovah our god is one jehovah :
1	and thou shalt love jehovah thy god with all thy heart , and with all thy soul , and with all thy might .
1	and these words , which i command thee this day , shall be upon thy heart ;
1	and thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thy hand , and they shall be for frontlets between thine eyes .
1	and thou shalt write them upon the door-posts of thy house , and upon thy gates .
1	then beware lest thou forget jehovah , who brought thee forth out of the land of egypt , out of the house of bondage .
1	thou shalt fear jehovah thy god ; and him shalt thou serve , and shalt swear by his name .
1	ye shall not go after other gods , of the gods of the peoples that are round about you ;
1	ye shall not tempt jehovah your god , as ye tempted him in massah .
1	ye shall diligently keep the commandments of jehovah your god , and his testimonies , and his statutes , which he hath commanded thee .
1	to thrust out all thine enemies from before thee , as jehovah hath spoken .
1	then thou shalt say unto thy son , we were pharaoh ’ s bondmen in egypt : and jehovah brought us out of egypt with a mighty hand ;
1	and jehovah showed signs and wonders , great and sore , upon egypt , upon pharaoh , and upon all his house , before our eyes ;
1	and he brought us out from thence , that he might bring us in , to give us the land which he sware unto our fathers .
1	and it shall be righteousness unto us , if we observe to do all this commandment before jehovah our god , as he hath commanded us .
1	neither shalt thou make marriages with them ; thy daughter thou shalt not give unto his son , nor his daughter shalt thou take unto thy son .
1	thou shalt therefore keep the commandment , and the statutes , and the ordinances , which i command thee this day , to do them .
1	thou shalt be blessed above all peoples : there shall not be male or female barren among you , or among your cattle .
1	if thou shalt say in thy heart , these nations are more than i ; how can i dispossess them ?
1	thou shalt not be afraid of them : thou shalt well remember what jehovah thy god did unto pharaoh , and unto all egypt ;
1	moreover jehovah thy god will send the hornet among them , until they that are left , and hide themselves , perish from before thee .
1	thou shalt not be affrighted at them ; for jehovah thy god is in the midst of thee , a great god and a terrible .
1	but jehovah thy god will deliver them up before thee , and will discomfit them with a great discomfiture , until they be destroyed .
1	thy raiment waxed not old upon thee , neither did thy foot swell , these forty years .
1	and thou shalt consider in thy heart , that , as a man chasteneth his son , so jehovah thy god chasteneth thee .
1	and thou shalt keep the commandments of jehovah thy god , to walk in his ways , and to fear him .
1	for jehovah thy god bringeth thee into a good land , a land of brooks of water , of fountains and springs , flowing forth in valleys and hills ;
1	a land of wheat and barley , and vines and fig-trees and pomegranates ; a land of olive-trees and honey ;
1	and thou shalt eat and be full , and thou shalt bless jehovah thy god for the good land which he hath given thee .
1	beware lest thou forget jehovah thy god , in not keeping his commandments , and his ordinances , and his statutes , which i command thee this day :
1	lest , when thou hast eaten and art full , and hast built goodly houses , and dwelt therein ;
1	and when thy herds and thy flocks multiply , and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied , and all that thou hast is multiplied ;
1	and lest thou say in thy heart , my power and the might of my hand hath gotten me this wealth .
1	as the nations that jehovah maketh to perish before you , so shall ye perish ; because ye would not hearken unto the voice of jehovah your god .
1	know therefore , that jehovah thy god giveth thee not this good land to possess it for thy righteousness ; for thou art a stiffnecked people .
1	also in horeb ye provoked jehovah to wrath , and jehovah was angry with you to destroy you .
1	furthermore jehovah spake unto me , saying , i have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people :
1	and i took hold of the two tables , and cast them out of my two hands , and brake them before your eyes .
1	for i was afraid of the anger and hot displeasure , wherewith jehovah was wroth against you to destroy you . but jehovah hearkened unto me that time also .
1	and jehovah was very angry with aaron to destroy him : and i prayed for aaron also at the same time .
1	and at taberah , and at massah , and at kibroth-hattaavah , ye provoked jehovah to wrath .
1	ye have been rebellious against jehovah from the day that i knew you .
1	so i fell down before jehovah the forty days and forty nights that i fell down , because jehovah had said he would destroy you .
1	remember thy servants , abraham , isaac , and jacob ; look not unto the stubbornness of this people , nor to their wickedness , nor to their sin ,
1	yet they are thy people and thine inheritance , which thou broughtest out by thy great power and by thine outstretched arm .
1	and i will write on the tables the words that were on the first tables which thou brakest , and thou shalt put them in the ark .
1	from thence they journeyed unto gudgodah ; and from gudgodah to jotbathah , a land of brooks of water .
1	wherefore levi hath no portion nor inheritance with his brethren ; jehovah is his inheritance , according as jehovah thy god spake unto him . )
1	to keep the commandments of jehovah , and his statutes , which i command thee this day for thy good ?
1	behold , unto jehovah thy god belongeth heaven and the heaven of heavens , the earth , with all that is therein .
1	circumcise therefore the foreskin of your heart , and be no more stiffnecked .
1	he doth execute justice for the fatherless and widow , and loveth the sojourner , in giving him food and raiment .
1	love ye therefore the sojourner ; for ye were sojourners in the land of egypt .
1	thou shalt fear jehovah thy god ; him shalt thou serve ; and to him shalt thou cleave , and by his name shalt thou swear .
1	he is thy praise , and he is thy god , that hath done for thee these great and terrible things , which thine eyes have seen .
1	thy fathers went down into egypt with threescore and ten persons ; and now jehovah thy god hath made thee as the stars of heaven for multitude .
1	therefore thou shalt love jehovah thy god , and keep his charge , and his statutes , and his ordinances , and his commandments , alway .
1	and his signs , and his works , which he did in the midst of egypt unto pharaoh the king of egypt , and unto all his land ;
1	and what he did unto you in the wilderness , until ye came unto this place ;
1	but your eyes have seen all the great work of jehovah which he did .
1	but the land , whither ye go over to possess it , is a land of hills and valleys , and drinketh water of the rain of heaven ,
1	and i will give grass in thy fields for thy cattle , and thou shalt eat and be full .
1	take heed to yourselves , lest your heart be deceived , and ye turn aside , and serve other gods , and worship them ;
1	and thou shalt write them upon the door-posts of thy house , and upon thy gates ;
1	then will jehovah drive out all these nations from before you , and ye shall dispossess nations greater and mightier than yourselves .
1	behold , i set before you this day a blessing and a curse :
1	the blessing , if ye shall hearken unto the commandments of jehovah your god , which i command you this day ;
1	and ye shall observe to do all the statutes and the ordinances which i set before you this day .
1	ye shall not do so unto jehovah your god .
1	ye shall not do after all the things that we do here this day , every man whatsoever is right in his own eyes ;
1	for ye are not as yet come to the rest and to the inheritance , which jehovah thy god giveth thee .
1	take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt-offerings in every place that thou seest ;
1	only ye shall not eat the blood ; thou shalt pour it out upon the earth as water .
1	take heed to thyself that thou forsake not the levite as long as thou livest in thy land .
1	even as the gazelle and as the hart is eaten , so thou shalt eat thereof : the unclean and the clean may eat thereof alike .
1	only be sure that thou eat not the blood : for the blood is the life ; and thou shalt not eat the life with the flesh .
1	thou shalt not eat it ; thou shalt pour it out upon the earth as water .
1	only thy holy things which thou hast , and thy vows , thou shalt take , and go unto the place which jehovah shall choose ;
1	what thing soever i command you , that shall ye observe to do : thou shalt not add thereto , nor diminish from it .
1	if there arise in the midst of thee a prophet , or a dreamer of dreams , and he give thee a sign or a wonder ,
1	thou shalt not consent unto him , nor hearken unto him ; neither shall thine eye pity him , neither shalt thou spare , neither shalt thou conceal him :
1	but thou shalt surely kill him ; thy hand shall be first upon him to put him to death , and afterwards the hand of all the people .
1	and all israel shall hear , and fear , and shall do no more any such wickedness as this is in the midst of thee .
1	if thou shalt hear tell concerning one of thy cities , which jehovah thy god giveth thee to dwell there , saying ,
1	ye are the children of jehovah your god : ye shall not cut yourselves , nor make any baldness between your eyes for the dead .
1	thou shalt not eat any abominable thing .
1	these are the beasts which ye may eat : the ox , the sheep , and the goat ,
1	the hart , and the gazelle , and the roebuck , and the wild goat , and the pygarg , and the antelope , and the chamois .
1	and every beast that parteth the hoof , and hath the hoof cloven in two , and cheweth the cud , among the beasts , that may ye eat .
1	these ye may eat of all that are in the waters : whatsoever hath fins and scales may ye eat ;
1	and whatsoever hath not fins and scales ye shall not eat ; it is unclean unto you .
1	of all clean birds ye may eat .
1	but these are they of which ye shall not eat : the eagle , and the gier-eagle , and the ospray ,
1	and the glede , and the falcon , and the kite after its kind ,
1	and every raven after its kind ,
1	and the ostrich , and the night-hawk , and the sea-mew , and the hawk after its kind ,
1	the little owl , and the great owl , and the horned owl ,
1	and the pelican , and the vulture , and the cormorant ,
1	and the stork , and the heron after its kind , and the hoopoe , and the bat .
1	and all winged creeping things are unclean unto you : they shall not be eaten .
1	of all clean birds ye may eat .
1	thou shalt surely tithe all the increase of thy seed , that which cometh forth from the field year by year .
1	then shalt thou turn it into money , and bind up the money in thy hand , and shalt go unto the place which jehovah thy god shall choose :
1	and the levite that is within thy gates , thou shalt not forsake him ; for he hath no portion nor inheritance with thee .
1	at the end of every seven years thou shalt make a release .
1	of a foreigner thou mayest exact it : but whatsoever of thine is with thy brother thy hand shall release .
1	if only thou diligently hearken unto the voice of jehovah thy god , to observe to do all this commandment which i command thee this day .
1	but thou shalt surely open thy hand unto him , and shalt surely lend him sufficient for his need in that which he wanteth .
1	and when thou lettest him go free from thee , thou shalt not let him go empty :
1	and thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of egypt , and jehovah thy god redeemed thee : therefore i command thee this thing to-day .
1	thou shalt eat it before jehovah thy god year by year in the place which jehovah shall choose , thou and thy household .
1	and if it have any blemish , as if it be lame or blind , any ill blemish whatsoever , thou shalt not sacrifice it unto jehovah thy god .
1	thou shalt eat it within thy gates : the unclean and the clean shall eat it alike , as the gazelle , and as the hart .
1	only thou shalt not eat the blood thereof ; thou shalt pour it out upon the ground as water .
1	thou mayest not sacrifice the passover within any of thy gates , which jehovah thy god giveth thee ;
1	six days thou shalt eat unleavened bread ; and on the seventh day shall be a solemn assembly to jehovah thy god ; thou shalt do no work therein .
1	seven weeks shalt thou number unto thee : from the time thou beginnest to put the sickle to the standing grain shalt thou begin to number seven weeks .
1	and thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in egypt : and thou shalt observe and do these statutes .
1	thou shalt keep the feast of tabernacles seven days , after that thou hast gathered in from thy threshing-floor and from thy winepress :
1	every man shall give as he is able , according to the blessing of jehovah thy god which he hath given thee .
1	that which is altogether just shalt thou follow , that thou mayest live , and inherit the land which jehovah thy god giveth thee .
1	thou shalt not plant thee an asherah of any kind of tree beside the altar of jehovah thy god , which thou shalt make thee .
1	neither shalt thou set thee up a pillar ; which jehovah thy god hateth .
1	and all the people shall hear , and fear , and do no more presumptuously .
1	neither shall he multiply wives to himself , that his heart turn not away : neither shall he greatly multiply to himself silver and gold .
1	and they shall have no inheritance among their brethren : jehovah is their inheritance , as he hath spoken unto them .
1	for jehovah thy god hath chosen him out of all thy tribes , to stand to minister in the name of jehovah , him and his sons for ever .
1	then he shall minister in the name of jehovah his god , as all his brethren the levites do , who stand there before jehovah .
1	they shall have like portions to eat , besides that which cometh of the sale of his patrimony .
1	when thou art come into the land which jehovah thy god giveth thee , thou shalt not learn to do after the abominations of those nations .
1	or a charmer , or a consulter with a familiar spirit , or a wizard , or a necromancer .
1	for whosoever doeth these things is an abomination unto jehovah : and because of these abominations jehovah thy god doth drive them out from before thee .
1	thou shalt be perfect with jehovah thy god .
1	jehovah thy god will raise up unto thee a prophet from the midst of thee , of thy brethren , like unto me ; unto him ye shall hearken ;
1	and jehovah said unto me , they have well said that which they have spoken .
1	and it shall come to pass , that whosoever will not hearken unto my words which he shall speak in my name , i will require it of him .
1	and if thou say in thy heart , how shall we know the word which jehovah hath not spoken ?
1	thou shalt set apart three cities for thee in the midst of thy land , which jehovah thy god giveth thee to possess it .
1	and this is the case of the manslayer , that shall flee thither and live : whoso killeth his neighbor unawares , and hated him not in time past ;
1	wherefore i command thee , saying , thou shalt set apart three cities for thee .
1	that innocent blood be not shed in the midst of thy land , which jehovah thy god giveth thee for an inheritance , and so blood be upon thee .
1	then the elders of his city shall send and fetch him thence , and deliver him into the hand of the avenger of blood , that he may die .
1	thine eye shall not pity him , but thou shalt put away the innocent blood from israel , that it may go well with thee .
1	if an unrighteous witness rise up against any man to testify against him of wrong-doing ,
1	then both the men , between whom the controversy is , shall stand before jehovah , before the priests and the judges that shall be in those days ;
1	and the judges shall make diligent inquisition : and , behold , if the witness be a false witness , and have testified falsely against his brother ;
1	then shall ye do unto him , as he had thought to do unto his brother : so shalt thou put away the evil from the midst of thee .
1	and those that remain shall hear , and fear , and shall henceforth commit no more any such evil in the midst of thee .
1	and thine eyes shall not pity ; life shall go for life , eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot .
1	and it shall be , when ye draw nigh unto the battle , that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people ,
1	for jehovah your god is he that goeth with you , to fight for you against your enemies , to save you .
1	when thou drawest nigh unto a city to fight against it , then proclaim peace unto it .
1	and if it will make no peace with thee , but will make war against thee , then thou shalt besiege it :
1	and when jehovah thy god delivereth it into thy hand , thou shalt smite every male thereof with the edge of the sword :
1	thus shalt thou do unto all the cities which are very far off from thee , which are not of the cities of these nations .
1	but of the cities of these peoples , that jehovah thy god giveth thee for an inheritance , thou shalt save alive nothing that breatheth ;
1	that they teach you not to do after all their abominations , which they have done unto their gods ; so would ye sin against jehovah your god .
1	then thy elders and thy judges shall come forth , and they shall measure unto the cities which are round about him that is slain :
1	and they shall answer and say , our hands have not shed this blood , neither have our eyes seen it .
1	so shalt thou put away the innocent blood from the midst of thee , when thou shalt do that which is right in the eyes of jehovah .
1	when thou goest forth to battle against thine enemies , and jehovah thy god delivereth them into thy hands , and thou carriest them away captive ,
1	and seest among the captives a beautiful woman , and thou hast a desire unto her , and wouldest take her to thee to wife ;
1	then thou shalt bring her home to thy house ; and she shall shave her head , and pare her nails ;
1	and if a man have committed a sin worthy of death , and he be put to death , and thou hang him on a tree ;
1	thou shalt not plow with an ox and an ass together .
1	thou shalt not wear a mingled stuff , wool and linen together .
1	thou shalt make thee fringes upon the four borders of thy vesture , wherewith thou coverest thyself .
1	if any man take a wife , and go in unto her , and hate her ,
1	and the damsel ’ s father shall say unto the elders , i gave my daughter unto this man to wife , and he hateth her ;
1	and the elders of that city shall take the man and chastise him ;
1	but if this thing be true , that the tokens of virginity were not found in the damsel ;
1	if there be a damsel that is a virgin betrothed unto a husband , and a man find her in the city , and lie with her ;
1	for he found her in the field , the betrothed damsel cried , and there was none to save her .
1	a man shall not take his father ’ s wife , and shall not uncover his father ’ s skirt .
1	he that is wounded in the stones , or hath his privy member cut off , shall not enter into the assembly of jehovah .
1	a bastard shall not enter into the assembly of jehovah ; even to the tenth generation shall none of his enter into the assembly of jehovah .
1	nevertheless jehovah thy god would not hearken unto balaam ; but jehovah thy god turned the curse into a blessing unto thee , because jehovah thy god loved thee .
1	thou shalt not seek their peace nor their prosperity all thy days for ever .
1	thou shalt not abhor an edomite ; for he is thy brother : thou shalt not abhor an egyptian ; because thou wast a sojourner in his land .
1	the children of the third generation that are born unto them shall enter into the assembly of jehovah .
1	when thou goest forth in camp against thine enemies , then thou shalt keep thee from every evil thing .
1	thou shalt have a place also without the camp , whither thou shalt go forth abroad :
1	thou shalt not deliver unto his master a servant that is escaped from his master unto thee :
1	there shall be no prostitute of the daughters of israel , neither shall there be a sodomite of the sons of israel .
1	thou shalt not lend upon interest to thy brother ; interest of money , interest of victuals , interest of anything that is lent upon interest .
1	but if thou shalt forbear to vow , it shall be no sin in thee .
1	and when she is departed out of his house , she may go and be another man ’ s wife .
1	no man shall take the mill or the upper millstone to pledge ; for he taketh a man ’ s life to pledge .
1	remember what jehovah thy god did unto miriam , by the way as ye came forth out of egypt .
1	when thou dost lend thy neighbor any manner of loan , thou shalt not go into his house to fetch his pledge .
1	thou shalt stand without , and the man to whom thou dost lend shall bring forth the pledge without unto thee .
1	and if he be a poor man , thou shalt not sleep with his pledge ;
1	thou shalt not wrest the justice due to the sojourner , or to the fatherless , nor take the widow ’ s raiment to pledge ;
1	but thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in egypt , and jehovah thy god redeemed thee thence : therefore i command thee to do this thing .
1	and thou shalt remember that thou wast a bondman in the land of egypt : therefore i command thee to do this thing .
1	thou shalt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the grain .
1	then the elders of his city shall call him , and speak unto him : and if he stand , and say , i like not to take her ;
1	and his name shall be called in israel , the house of him that hath his shoe loosed .
1	then thou shalt cut off her hand , thine eye shall have no pity .
1	thou shalt not have in thy bag diverse weights , a great and a small .
1	thou shalt not have in thy house diverse measures , a great and a small .
1	for all that do such things , even all that do unrighteously , are an abomination unto jehovah thy god .
1	remember what amalek did unto thee by the way as ye came forth out of egypt ;
1	and the priest shall take the basket out of thy hand , and set it down before the altar of jehovah thy god .
1	and the egyptians dealt ill with us , and afflicted us , and laid upon us hard bondage :
1	and he hath brought us into this place , and hath given us this land , a land flowing with milk and honey .
1	and moses and the elders of israel commanded the people , saying , keep all the commandment which i command you this day .
1	and there shalt thou build an altar unto jehovah thy god , an altar of stones : thou shalt lift up no iron tool upon them .
1	thou shalt build the altar of jehovah thy god of unhewn stones ; and thou shalt offer burnt-offerings thereon unto jehovah thy god :
1	and thou shalt sacrifice peace-offerings , and shalt eat there ; and thou shalt rejoice before jehovah thy god .
1	and thou shalt write upon the stones all the words of this law very plainly .
1	thou shalt therefore obey the voice of jehovah thy god , and do his commandments and his statutes , which i command thee this day .
1	and moses charged the people the same day , saying ,
1	and these shall stand upon mount ebal for the curse : reuben , gad , and asher , and zebulun , dan , and naphtali .
1	and the levites shall answer , and say unto all the men of israel with a loud voice ,
1	cursed be he that setteth light by his father or his mother . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that removeth his neighbor ’ s landmark . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that maketh the blind to wander out of the way . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that wresteth the justice due to the sojourner , fatherless , and widow . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that lieth with any manner of beast . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that lieth with his mother-in-law . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that smiteth his neighbor in secret . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that taketh a bribe to slay an innocent person . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	cursed be he that confirmeth not the words of this law to do them . and all the people shall say , amen .
1	and all these blessings shall come upon thee , and overtake thee , if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of jehovah thy god .
1	blessed shalt thou be in the city , and blessed shalt thou be in the field .
1	blessed shall be thy basket and thy kneading-trough .
1	blessed shalt thou be when thou comest in , and blessed shalt thou be when thou goest out .
1	and all the peoples of the earth shall see that thou art called by the name of jehovah ; and they shall be afraid of thee .
1	cursed shalt thou be in the city , and cursed shalt thou be in the field .
1	cursed shall be thy basket and thy kneading-trough .
1	cursed shall be the fruit of thy body , and the fruit of thy ground , the increase of thy cattle , and the young of thy flock .
1	cursed shalt thou be when thou comest in , and cursed shalt thou be when thou goest out .
1	jehovah will make the pestilence cleave unto thee , until he have consumed thee from off the land , whither thou goest in to possess it .
1	and thy heaven that is over thy head shall be brass , and the earth that is under thee shall be iron .
1	jehovah will make the rain of thy land powder and dust : from heaven shall it come down upon thee , until thou be destroyed .
1	jehovah will smite thee with madness , and with blindness , and with astonishment of heart ;
1	so that thou shalt be mad for the sight of thine eyes which thou shalt see .
1	and thou shalt become an astonishment , a proverb , and a byword , among all the peoples whither jehovah shall lead thee away .
1	thou shalt carry much seed out into the field , and shalt gather little in ; for the locust shall consume it .
1	thou shalt plant vineyards and dress them , but thou shalt neither drink of the wine , nor gather the grapes ; for the worm shall eat them .
1	thou shalt have olive-trees throughout all thy borders , but thou shalt not anoint thyself with the oil ; for thine olive shall cast its fruit .
1	thou shalt beget sons and daughters , but they shall not be thine ; for they shall go into captivity .
1	all thy trees and the fruit of thy ground shall the locust possess .
1	the sojourner that is in the midst of thee shall mount up above thee higher and higher ; and thou shalt come down lower and lower .
1	he shall lend to thee , and thou shalt not lend to him : he shall be the head , and thou shalt be the tail .
1	and they shall be upon thee for a sign and for a wonder , and upon thy seed for ever .
1	because thou servedst not jehovah thy god with joyfulness , and with gladness of heart , by reason of the abundance of all things ;
1	a nation of fierce countenance , that shall not regard the person of the old , nor show favor to the young ,
1	and he will bring upon thee again all the diseases of egypt , which thou wast afraid of ; and they shall cleave unto thee .
1	and thy life shall hang in doubt before thee ; and thou shalt fear night and day , and shalt have no assurance of thy life .
1	the great trials which thine eyes saw , the signs , and those great wonders :
1	but jehovah hath not given you a heart to know , and eyes to see , and ears to hear , unto this day .
1	ye have not eaten bread , neither have ye drunk wine or strong drink ; that ye may know that i am jehovah your god .
1	and we took their land , and gave it for an inheritance unto the reubenites , and to the gadites , and to the half-tribe of the manassites .
1	keep therefore the words of this covenant , and do them , that ye may prosper in all that ye do .
1	that thou mayest enter into the covenant of jehovah thy god , and into his oath , which jehovah thy god maketh with thee this day ;
1	neither with you only do i make this covenant and this oath ,
1	but with him that standeth here with us this day before jehovah our god , and also with him that is not here with us this day
1	( for ye know how we dwelt in the land of egypt , and how we came through the midst of the nations through which ye passed ;
1	and ye have seen their abominations , and their idols , wood and stone , silver and gold , which were among them ) ;
1	even all the nations shall say , wherefore hath jehovah done thus unto this land ? what meaneth the heat of this great anger ?
1	and went and served other gods , and worshipped them , gods that they knew not , and that he had not given unto them :
1	therefore the anger of jehovah was kindled against this land , to bring upon it all the curse that is written in this book ;
1	if any of thine outcasts be in the uttermost parts of heaven , from thence will jehovah thy god gather thee , and from thence will he fetch thee :
1	and jehovah thy god will put all these curses upon thine enemies , and on them that hate thee , that persecuted thee .
1	and thou shalt return and obey the voice of jehovah , and do all his commandments which i command thee this day .
1	for this commandment which i command thee this day , it is not too hard for thee , neither is it far off .
1	but the word is very nigh unto thee , in thy mouth , and in thy heart , that thou mayest do it .
1	see , i have set before thee this day life and good , and death and evil ;
1	but if thy heart turn away , and thou wilt not hear , but shalt be drawn away , and worship other gods , and serve them ;
1	and moses went and spake these words unto all israel .
1	and jehovah will do unto them as he did to sihon and to og , the kings of the amorites , and unto their land ; whom he destroyed .
1	and jehovah will deliver them up before you , and ye shall do unto them according unto all the commandment which i have commanded you .
1	and jehovah appeared in the tent in a pillar of cloud : and the pillar of cloud stood over the door of the tent .
1	and i will surely hide my face in that day for all the evil which they shall have wrought , in that they are turned unto other gods .
1	so moses wrote this song the same day , and taught it the children of israel .
1	and it came to pass , when moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book , until they were finished ,
1	that moses commanded the levites , that bare the ark of the covenant of jehovah , saying ,
1	and moses spake in the ears of all the assembly of israel the words of this song , until they were finished .
1	give ear , ye heavens , and i will speak ;
1	my doctrine shall drop as the rain ;
1	for i will proclaim the name of jehovah :
1	the rock , his work is perfect ;
1	they have dealt corruptly with him , they are not his children , it is their blemish ;
1	do ye thus requite jehovah ,
1	remember the days of old ,
1	when the most high gave to the nations their inheritance ,
1	for jehovah ’ s portion is his people ;
1	he found him in a desert land ,
1	as an eagle that stirreth up her nest ,
1	jehovah alone did lead him ,
1	he made him ride on the high places of the earth ,
1	butter of the herd , and milk of the flock ,
1	but jeshurun waxed fat , and kicked :
1	they moved him to jealousy with strange gods ;
1	they sacrificed unto demons , which were no god ,
1	of the rock that begat thee thou art unmindful ,
1	and jehovah saw it , and abhorred them ,
1	and he said , i will hide my face from them ,
1	they have moved me to jealousy with that which is not god ;
1	for a fire is kindled in mine anger ,
1	i will heap evils upon them ;
1	they shall be wasted with hunger , and devoured with burning heat
1	without shall the sword bereave ,
1	i said , i would scatter them afar ,
1	were it not that i feared the provocation of the enemy ,
1	for they are a nation void of counsel ,
1	oh that they were wise , that they understood this ,
1	how should one chase a thousand ,
1	for their rock is not as our rock ,
1	for their vine is of the vine of sodom ,
1	their wine is the poison of serpents ,
1	is not this laid up in store with me ,
1	vengeance is mine , and recompense ,
1	for jehovah will judge his people ,
1	and he will say , where are their gods ,
1	which did eat the fat of their sacrifices ,
1	see now that i , even i , am he ,
1	for i lift up my hand to heaven ,
1	if i whet my glittering sword ,
1	i will make mine arrows drunk with blood ,
1	rejoice , o ye nations , with his people :
1	and moses came and spake all the words of this song in the ears of the people , he , and hoshea the son of nun .
1	and moses made an end of speaking all these words to all israel ;
1	and jehovah spake unto moses that selfsame day , saying ,
1	for thou shalt see the land before thee ; but thou shalt not go thither into the land which i give the children of israel .
1	and this is the blessing , wherewith moses the man of god blessed the children of israel before his death .
1	yea , he loveth the people ;
1	moses commanded us a law ,
1	and he was king in jeshurun ,
1	let reuben live , and not die ;
1	and this is the blessing of judah : and he said ,
1	and of levi he said ,
1	who said of his father , and of his mother , i have not seen him ;
1	they shall teach jacob thine ordinances ,
1	bless , jehovah , his substance ,
1	of benjamin he said ,
1	and of joseph he said ,
1	and for the precious things of the fruits of the sun ,
1	and for the chief things of the ancient mountains ,
1	and for the precious things of the earth and the fulness thereof ,
1	the firstling of his herd , majesty is his ;
1	and of zebulun he said ,
1	they shall call the peoples unto the mountain ;
1	and of gad he said ,
1	and he provided the first part for himself ,
1	and of dan he said ,
1	and of naphtali he said ,
1	and of asher he said ,
1	thy bars shall be iron and brass ;
1	there is none like unto god , o jeshurun ,
1	the eternal god is thy dwelling-place ,
1	and israel dwelleth in safety ,
1	happy art thou , o israel :
1	and all naphtali , and the land of ephraim and manasseh , and all the land of judah , unto the hinder sea ,
1	and the south , and the plain of the valley of jericho the city of palm-trees , unto zoar .
1	so moses the servant of jehovah died there in the land of moab , according to the word of jehovah .
1	and he buried him in the valley in the land of moab over against beth-peor : but no man knoweth of his sepulchre unto this day .
1	and moses was a hundred and twenty years old when he died : his eye was not dim , nor his natural force abated .
1	and the children of israel wept for moses in the plains of moab thirty days : so the days of weeping in the mourning for moses were ended .
1	and there hath not arisen a prophet since in israel like unto moses , whom jehovah knew face to face ,
1	and in all the mighty hand , and in all the great terror , which moses wrought in the sight of all israel .
1	the words of the preacher , the son of david , king in jerusalem .
1	vanity of vanities , saith the preacher ; vanity of vanities , all is vanity .
1	what profit hath man of all his labor wherein he laboreth under the sun ?
1	one generation goeth , and another generation cometh ; but the earth abideth for ever .
1	the sun also ariseth , and the sun goeth down , and hasteth to its place where it ariseth .
1	all the rivers run into the sea , yet the sea is not full ; unto the place whither the rivers go , thither they go again .
1	all things are full of weariness ; man can not utter it : the eye is not satisfied with seeing , nor the ear filled with hearing .
1	is there a thing whereof it may be said , see , this is new ? it hath been long ago , in the ages which were before us .
1	i the preacher was king over israel in jerusalem .
1	i have seen all the works that are done under the sun ; and , behold , all is vanity and a striving after wind .
1	that which is crooked can not be made straight ; and that which is wanting can not be numbered .
1	and i applied my heart to know wisdom , and to know madness and folly : i perceived that this also was a striving after wind .
1	for in much wisdom is much grief ; and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow .
1	i said in my heart , come now , i will prove thee with mirth ; therefore enjoy pleasure : and , behold , this also was vanity .
1	i said of laughter , it is mad ; and of mirth , what doeth it ?
1	i made me great works ; i builded me houses ; i planted me vineyards ;
1	i made me gardens and parks , and i planted trees in them of all kinds of fruit ;
1	i made me pools of water , to water therefrom the forest where trees were reared ;
1	so i was great , and increased more than all that were before me in jerusalem : also my wisdom remained with me .
1	then i saw that wisdom excelleth folly , as far as light excelleth darkness .
1	the wise man ’ s eyes are in his head , and the fool walketh in darkness : and yet i perceived that one event happeneth to them all .
1	so i hated life , because the work that is wrought under the sun was grievous unto me ; for all is vanity and a striving after wind .
1	and i hated all my labor wherein i labored under the sun , seeing that i must leave it unto the man that shall be after me .
1	therefore i turned about to cause my heart to despair concerning all the labor wherein i had labored under the sun .
1	for what hath a man of all his labor , and of the striving of his heart , wherein he laboreth under the sun ?
1	for who can eat , or who can have enjoyment , more than i ?
1	for everything there is a season , and a time for every purpose under heaven :
1	a time to be born , and a time to die ; a time to plant , and a time to pluck up that which is planted ;
1	a time to kill , and a time to heal ; a time to break down , and a time to build up ;
1	a time to weep , and a time to laugh ; a time to mourn , and a time to dance ;
1	a time to cast away stones , and a time to gather stones together ; a time to embrace , and a time to refrain from embracing ;
1	a time to seek , and a time to lose ; a time to keep , and a time to cast away ;
1	a time to rend , and a time to sew ; a time to keep silence , and a time to speak ;
1	a time to love , and a time to hate ; a time for war , and a time for peace .
1	what profit hath he that worketh in that wherein he laboreth ?
1	i have seen the travail which god hath given to the sons of men to be exercised therewith .
1	i know that there is nothing better for them , than to rejoice , and to do good so long as they live .
1	and also that every man should eat and drink , and enjoy good in all his labor , is the gift of god .
1	that which is hath been long ago ; and that which is to be hath long ago been : and god seeketh again that which is passed away .
1	i said in my heart , god will judge the righteous and the wicked ; for there is a time there for every purpose and for every work .
1	all go unto one place ; all are of the dust , and all turn to dust again .
1	who knoweth the spirit of man , whether it goeth upward , and the spirit of the beast , whether it goeth downward to the earth ?
1	wherefore i praised the dead that have been long dead more than the living that are yet alive ;
1	yea , better than them both did i esteem him that hath not yet been , who hath not seen the evil work that is done under the sun .
1	the fool foldeth his hands together , and eateth his own flesh .
1	better is a handful , with quietness , than two handfuls with labor and striving after wind .
1	then i returned and saw vanity under the sun .
1	two are better than one , because they have a good reward for their labor .
1	again , if two lie together , then they have warmth ; but how can one be warm alone ?
1	and if a man prevail against him that is alone , two shall withstand him ; and a threefold cord is not quickly broken .
1	better is a poor and wise youth than an old and foolish king , who knoweth not how to receive admonition any more .
1	for out of prison he came forth to be king ; yea , even in his kingdom he was born poor .
1	i saw all the living that walk under the sun , that they were with the youth , the second , that stood up in his stead .
1	for a dream cometh with a multitude of business , and a fool ’ s voice with a multitude of words .
1	when thou vowest a vow unto god , defer not to pay it ; for he hath no pleasure in fools : pay that which thou vowest .
1	better is it that thou shouldest not vow , than that thou shouldest vow and not pay .
1	for in the multitude of dreams there are vanities , and in many words : but fear thou god .
1	moreover the profit of the earth is for all : the king himself is served by the field .
1	he that loveth silver shall not be satisfied with silver ; nor he that loveth abundance , with increase : this also is vanity .
1	when goods increase , they are increased that eat them ; and what advantage is there to the owner thereof , save the beholding of them with his eyes ?
1	the sleep of a laboring man is sweet , whether he eat little or much ; but the fulness of the rich will not suffer him to sleep .
1	there is a grievous evil which i have seen under the sun , namely , riches kept by the owner thereof to his hurt :
1	and those riches perish by evil adventure ; and if he hath begotten a son , there is nothing in his hand .
1	all his days also he eateth in darkness , and he is sore vexed , and hath sickness and wrath .
1	for he shall not much remember the days of his life ; because god answereth him in the joy of his heart .
1	there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , and it is heavy upon men :
1	for it cometh in vanity , and departeth in darkness , and the name thereof is covered with darkness ;
1	moreover it hath not seen the sun nor known it ; this hath rest rather than the other :
1	yea , though he live a thousand years twice told , and yet enjoy no good , do not all go to one place ?
1	all the labor of man is for his mouth , and yet the appetite is not filled .
1	for what advantage hath the wise more than the fool ? or what hath the poor man , that knoweth how to walk before the living ?
1	better is the sight of the eyes than the wandering of the desire : this also is vanity and a striving after wind .
1	seeing there are many things that increase vanity , what is man the better ?
1	a good name is better than precious oil ; and the day of death , than the day of one ’ s birth .
1	sorrow is better than laughter ; for by the sadness of the countenance the heart is made glad .
1	the heart of the wise is in the house of mourning ; but the heart of fools is in the house of mirth .
1	it is better to hear the rebuke of the wise , than for a man to hear the song of fools .
1	for as the crackling of thorns under a pot , so is the laughter of the fool : this also is vanity .
1	surely extortion maketh the wise man foolish ; and a bribe destroyeth the understanding .
1	better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof ; and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit .
1	be not hasty in thy spirit to be angry ; for anger resteth in the bosom of fools .
1	say not thou , what is the cause that the former days were better than these ? for thou dost not inquire wisely concerning this .
1	wisdom is as good as an inheritance ; yea , more excellent is it for them that see the sun .
1	consider the work of god : for who can make that straight , which he hath made crooked ?
1	be not righteous overmuch ; neither make thyself overwise : why shouldest thou destroy thyself ?
1	be not overmuch wicked , neither be thou foolish : why shouldest thou die before thy time ?
1	wisdom is a strength to the wise man more than ten rulers that are in a city .
1	surely there is not a righteous man upon earth , that doeth good , and sinneth not .
1	also take not heed unto all words that are spoken , lest thou hear thy servant curse thee ;
1	for oftentimes also thine own heart knoweth that thou thyself likewise hast cursed others .
1	all this have i proved in wisdom : i said , i will be wise ; but it was far from me .
1	that which is , is far off and exceeding deep ; who can find it out ?
1	behold , this have i found , saith the preacher , laying one thing to another , to find out the account ;
1	behold , this only have i found : that god made man upright ; but they have sought out many inventions .
1	i counsel thee , keep the king ’ s command , and that in regard of the oath of god .
1	be not hasty to go out of his presence ; persist not in an evil thing : for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him .
1	for the king ’ s word hath power ; and who may say unto him , what doest thou ?
1	whoso keepeth the commandment shall know no evil thing ; and a wise man ’ s heart discerneth time and judgment :
1	for to every purpose there is a time and judgment ; because the misery of man is great upon him :
1	for he knoweth not that which shall be ; for who can tell him how it shall be ?
1	because sentence against an evil work is not executed speedily , therefore the heart of the sons of men is fully set in them to do evil .
1	but it shall not be well with the wicked , neither shall he prolong his days , which are as a shadow ; because he feareth not before god .
1	for to him that is joined with all the living there is hope ; for a living dog is better than a dead lion .
1	go thy way , eat thy bread with joy , and drink thy wine with a merry heart ; for god hath already accepted thy works .
1	let thy garments be always white ; and let not thy head lack oil .
1	i have also seen wisdom under the sun on this wise , and it seemed great unto me :
1	now there was found in it a poor wise man , and he by his wisdom delivered the city ; yet no man remembered that same poor man .
1	then said i , wisdom is better than strength : nevertheless the poor man ’ s wisdom is despised , and his words are not heard .
1	the words of the wise heard in quiet are better than the cry of him that ruleth among fools .
1	wisdom is better than weapons of war ; but one sinner destroyeth much good .
1	dead flies cause the oil of the perfumer to send forth an evil odor ; so doth a little folly outweigh wisdom and honor .
1	a wise man ’ s heart is at his right hand ; but a fool ’ s heart at his left .
1	yea also , when the fool walketh by the way , his understanding faileth him , and he saith to every one that he is a fool .
1	if the spirit of the ruler rise up against thee , leave not thy place ; for gentleness allayeth great offences .
1	there is an evil which i have seen under the sun , as it were an error which proceedeth from the ruler :
1	folly is set in great dignity , and the rich sit in a low place .
1	i have seen servants upon horses , and princes walking like servants upon the earth .
1	he that diggeth a pit shall fall into it ; and whoso breaketh through a wall , a serpent shall bite him .
1	whoso heweth out stones shall be hurt therewith ; and he that cleaveth wood is endangered thereby .
1	if the iron be blunt , and one do not whet the edge , then must he put to more strength : but wisdom is profitable to direct .
1	if the serpent bite before it is charmed , then is there no advantage in the charmer .
1	the words of a wise man ’ s mouth are gracious ; but the lips of a fool will swallow up himself .
1	the beginning of the words of his mouth is foolishness ; and the end of his talk is mischievous madness .
1	a fool also multiplieth words : yet man knoweth not what shall be ; and that which shall be after him , who can tell him ?
1	the labor of fools wearieth every one of them ; for he knoweth not how to go to the city .
1	woe to thee , o land , when thy king is a child , and thy princes eat in the morning !
1	by slothfulness the roof sinketh in ; and through idleness of the hands the house leaketh .
1	a feast is made for laughter , and wine maketh glad the life ; and money answereth all things .
1	cast thy bread upon the waters ; for thou shalt find it after many days .
1	give a portion to seven , yea , even unto eight ; for thou knowest not what evil shall be upon the earth .
1	he that observeth the wind shall not sow ; and he that regardeth the clouds shall not reap .
1	truly the light is sweet , and a pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun .
1	therefore remove sorrow from thy heart , and put away evil from thy flesh ; for youth and the dawn of life are vanity .
1	before the sun , and the light , and the moon , and the stars , are darkened , and the clouds return after the rain ;
1	and the dust returneth to the earth as it was , and the spirit returneth unto god who gave it .
1	vanity of vanities , saith the preacher ; all is vanity .
1	the preacher sought to find out acceptable words , and that which was written uprightly , even words of truth .
1	the words of the wise are as goads ; and as nails well fastened are the words of the masters of assemblies , which are given from one shepherd .
1	and furthermore , my son , be admonished : of making many books there is no end ; and much study is a weariness of the flesh .
1	this is the end of the matter ; all hath been heard : fear god , and keep his commandments ; for this is the whole duty of man .
1	for god will bring every work into judgment , with every hidden thing , whether it be good , or whether it be evil .
1	paul , an apostle of christ jesus through the will of god , to the saints that are at ephesus , and the faithful in christ jesus :
1	grace to you and peace from god our father and the lord jesus christ .
1	blessed be the god and father of our lord jesus christ , who hath blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in christ :
1	even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world , that we should be holy and without blemish before him in love :
1	having foreordained us unto adoption as sons through jesus christ unto himself , according to the good pleasure of his will ,
1	to the praise of the glory of his grace , which he freely bestowed on us in the beloved :
1	in whom we have our redemption through his blood , the forgiveness of our trespasses , according to the riches of his grace ,
1	which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence ,
1	making known unto us the mystery of his will , according to his good pleasure which he purposed in him
1	in whom also we were made a heritage , having been foreordained according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his will ;
1	to the end that we should be unto the praise of his glory , we who had before hoped in christ :
1	which is an earnest of our inheritance , unto the redemption of god ’ s own possession , unto the praise of his glory .
1	cease not to give thanks for you , making mention of you in my prayers ;
1	that the god of our lord jesus christ , the father of glory , may give unto you a spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him ;
1	and what the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe , according to that working of the strength of his might
1	which he wrought in christ , when he raised him from the dead , and made him to sit at his right hand in the heavenly places ,
1	and he put all things in subjection under his feet , and gave him to be head over all things to the church ,
1	which is his body , the fulness of him that filleth all in all .
1	and you did he make alive , when ye were dead through your trespasses and sins ,
1	but god , being rich in mercy , for his great love wherewith he loved us ,
1	even when we were dead through our trespasses , made us alive together with christ ( by grace have ye been saved ) ,
1	and raised us up with him , and made us to sit with him in the heavenly places , in christ jesus :
1	that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in kindness toward us in christ jesus :
1	for by grace have ye been saved through faith ; and that not of yourselves , it is the gift of god ;
1	not of works , that no man should glory .
1	for we are his workmanship , created in christ jesus for good works , which god afore prepared that we should walk in them .
1	but now in christ jesus ye that once were far off are made nigh in the blood of christ .
1	for he is our peace , who made both one , and brake down the middle wall of partition ,
1	and might reconcile them both in one body unto god through the cross , having slain the enmity thereby :
1	and he came and preached peace to you that were far off , and peace to them that were nigh :
1	for through him we both have our access in one spirit unto the father .
1	so then ye are no more strangers and sojourners , but ye are fellow-citizens with the saints , and of the household of god ,
1	being built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets , christ jesus himself being the chief corner stone ;
1	in whom each several building , fitly framed together , groweth into a holy temple in the lord ;
1	in whom ye also are builded together for a habitation of god in the spirit .
1	for this cause i paul , the prisoner of christ jesus in behalf of you gentiles , —
1	if so be that ye have heard of the dispensation of that grace of god which was given me to you-ward ;
1	how that by revelation was made known unto me the mystery , as i wrote before in few words ,
1	whereby , when ye read , ye can perceive my understanding in the mystery of christ ;
1	which in other generations was not made known unto the sons of men , as it hath now been revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets in the spirit ;
1	to wit , that the gentiles are fellow-heirs , and fellow-members of the body , and fellow-partakers of the promise in christ jesus through the gospel ,
1	whereof i was made a minister , according to the gift of that grace of god which was given me according to the working of his power .
1	unto me , who am less than the least of all saints , was this grace given , to preach unto the gentiles the unsearchable riches of christ ;
1	and to make all men see what is the dispensation of the mystery which for ages hath been hid in god who created all things ;
1	to the intent that now unto the principalities and the powers in the heavenly places might be made known through the church the manifold wisdom of god ,
1	according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in christ jesus our lord :
1	in whom we have boldness and access in confidence through our faith in him .
1	wherefore i ask that ye may not faint at my tribulations for you , which are your glory .
1	for this cause i bow my knees unto the father ,
1	from whom every family in heaven and on earth is named ,
1	that he would grant you , according to the riches of his glory , that ye may be strengthened with power through his spirit in the inward man ;
1	that christ may dwell in your hearts through faith ; to the end that ye , being rooted and grounded in love ,
1	may be strong to apprehend with all the saints what is the breadth and length and height and depth ,
1	and to know the love of christ which passeth knowledge , that ye may be filled unto all the fulness of god .
1	now unto him that is able to do exceeding abundantly above all that we ask or think , according to the power that worketh in us ,
1	unto him be the glory in the church and in christ jesus unto all generations for ever and ever . amen .
1	i therefore , the prisoner in the lord , beseech you to walk worthily of the calling wherewith ye were called ,
1	with all lowliness and meekness , with longsuffering , forbearing one another in love ;
1	giving diligence to keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace .
1	there is one body , and one spirit , even as also ye were called in one hope of your calling ;
1	one lord , one faith , one baptism ,
1	one god and father of all , who is over all , and through all , and in all .
1	but unto each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of christ .
1	( now this , he ascended , what is it but that he also descended into the lower parts of the earth ?
1	he that descended is the same also that ascended far above all the heavens , that he might fill all things . )
1	and he gave some to be apostles ; and some , prophets ; and some , evangelists ; and some , pastors and teachers ;
1	for the perfecting of the saints , unto the work of ministering , unto the building up of the body of christ :
1	but speaking truth in love , may grow up in all things into him , who is the head , even christ ;
1	this i say therefore , and testify in the lord , that ye no longer walk as the gentiles also walk , in the vanity of their mind ,
1	being darkened in their understanding , alienated from the life of god , because of the ignorance that is in them , because of the hardening of their heart ;
1	who being past feeling gave themselves up to lasciviousness , to work all uncleanness with greediness .
1	but ye did not so learn christ ;
1	if so be that ye heard him , and were taught in him , even as truth is in jesus :
1	that ye put away , as concerning your former manner of life , the old man , that waxeth corrupt after the lusts of deceit ;
1	and that ye be renewed in the spirit of your mind ,
1	and put on the new man , that after god hath been created in righteousness and holiness of truth .
1	wherefore , putting away falsehood , speak ye truth each one with his neighbor : for we are members one of another .
1	be ye angry , and sin not : let not the sun go down upon your wrath :
1	neither give place to the devil .
1	and grieve not the holy spirit of god , in whom ye were sealed unto the day of redemption .
1	let all bitterness , and wrath , and anger , and clamor , and railing , be put away from you , with all malice :
1	and be ye kind one to another , tenderhearted , forgiving each other , even as god also in christ forgave you .
1	be ye therefore imitators of god , as beloved children ;
1	but fornication , and all uncleanness , or covetousness , let it not even be named among you , as becometh saints ;
1	nor filthiness , nor foolish talking , or jesting , which are not befitting : but rather giving of thanks .
1	let no man deceive you with empty words : for because of these things cometh the wrath of god upon the sons of disobedience .
1	be not ye therefore partakers with them ;
1	for ye were once darkness , but are now light in the lord : walk as children of light
1	( for the fruit of the light is in all goodness and righteousness and truth ) ,
1	proving what is well-pleasing unto the lord ;
1	and have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness , but rather even reprove them ;
1	for the things which are done by them in secret it is a shame even to speak of .
1	but all things when they are reproved are made manifest by the light : for everything that is made manifest is light .
1	wherefore he saith , awake , thou that sleepest , and arise from the dead , and christ shall shine upon thee .
1	look therefore carefully how ye walk , not as unwise , but as wise ;
1	redeeming the time , because the days are evil .
1	wherefore be ye not foolish , but understand what the will of the lord is .
1	and be not drunken with wine , wherein is riot , but be filled with the spirit ;
1	speaking one to another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs , singing and making melody with your heart to the lord ;
1	giving thanks always for all things in the name of our lord jesus christ to god , even the father ;
1	subjecting yourselves one to another in the fear of christ .
1	wives , be in subjection unto your own husbands , as unto the lord .
1	for the husband is the head of the wife , as christ also is the head of the church , being himself the saviour of the body .
1	but as the church is subject to christ , so let the wives also be to their husbands in everything .
1	husbands , love your wives , even as christ also loved the church , and gave himself up for it ;
1	that he might sanctify it , having cleansed it by the washing of water with the word ,
1	even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies . he that loveth his own wife loveth himself :
1	for no man ever hated his own flesh ; but nourisheth and cherisheth it , even as christ also the church ;
1	because we are members of his body .
1	for this cause shall a man leave his father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife ; and the two shall become one flesh .
1	this mystery is great : but i speak in regard of christ and of the church .
1	nevertheless do ye also severally love each one his own wife even as himself ; and let the wife see that she fear her husband .
1	children , obey your parents in the lord : for this is right .
1	honor thy father and mother ( which is the first commandment with promise ) ,
1	that it may be well with thee , and thou mayest live long on the earth .
1	and , ye fathers , provoke not your children to wrath : but nurture them in the chastening and admonition of the lord .
1	servants , be obedient unto them that according to the flesh are your masters , with fear and trembling , in singleness of your heart , as unto christ ;
1	not in the way of eyeservice , as men-pleasers ; but as servants of christ , doing the will of god from the heart ;
1	with good will doing service , as unto the lord , and not unto men :
1	knowing that whatsoever good thing each one doeth , the same shall he receive again from the lord , whether he be bond or free .
1	finally , be strong in the lord , and in the strength of his might .
1	put on the whole armor of god , that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil .
1	wherefore take up the whole armor of god , that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day , and , having done all , to stand .
1	stand therefore , having girded your loins with truth , and having put on the breastplate of righteousness ,
1	and having shod your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace ;
1	withal taking up the shield of faith , wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one .
1	and take the helmet of salvation , and the sword of the spirit , which is the word of god :
1	with all prayer and supplication praying at all seasons in the spirit , and watching thereunto in all perseverance and supplication for all the saints ,
1	and on my behalf , that utterance may be given unto me in opening my mouth , to make known with boldness the mystery of the gospel ,
1	for which i am an ambassador in chains ; that in it i may speak boldly , as i ought to speak .
1	whom i have sent unto you for this very purpose , that ye may know our state , and that he may comfort your hearts .
1	peace be to the brethren , and love with faith , from god the father and the lord jesus christ .
1	grace be with all them that love our lord jesus christ with a love incorruptible .
1	that in those days , when the king ahasuerus sat on the throne of his kingdom , which was in shushan the palace ,
1	when he showed the riches of his glorious kingdom and the honor of his excellent majesty many days , even a hundred and fourscore days .
1	also vashti the queen made a feast for the women in the royal house which belonged to king ahasuerus .
1	then the king said to the wise men , who knew the times ( for so was the king ’ s manner toward all that knew law and judgment ;
1	what shall we do unto the queen vashti according to law , because she hath not done the bidding of the king ahasuerus by the chamberlains ?
1	and the saying pleased the king and the princes ; and the king did according to the word of memucan :
1	after these things , when the wrath of king ahasuerus was pacified , he remembered vashti , and what she had done , and what was decreed against her .
1	then said the king ’ s servants that ministered unto him , let there be fair young virgins sought for the king :
1	and let the maiden that pleaseth the king be queen instead of vashti . and the thing pleased the king ; and he did so .
1	esther had not made known her people nor her kindred ; for mordecai had charged her that she should not make it known .
1	and mordecai walked every day before the court of the women ’ s house , to know how esther did , and what would become of her .
1	so esther was taken unto king ahasuerus into his house royal in the tenth month , which is the month tebeth , in the seventh year of his reign .
1	and when the virgins were gathered together the second time , then mordecai was sitting in the king ’ s gate .
1	and the thing became known to mordecai , who showed it unto esther the queen ; and esther told the king thereof in mordecai ’ s name .
1	then the king ’ s servants , that were in the king ’ s gate , said unto mordecai , why transgressest thou the king ’ s commandment ?
1	and when haman saw that mordecai bowed not down , nor did him reverence , then was haman full of wrath .
1	and the king took his ring from his hand , and gave it unto haman the son of hammedatha the agagite , the jews ’ enemy .
1	and the king said unto haman , the silver is given to thee , the people also , to do with them as it seemeth good to thee .
1	and he came even before the king ’ s gate : for none might enter within the king ’ s gate clothed with sackcloth .
1	so hathach went forth to mordecai unto the broad place of the city , which was before the king ’ s gate .
1	and hathach came and told esther the words of mordecai .
1	then esther spake unto hathach , and gave him a message unto mordecai , saying :
1	and they told to mordecai esther ’ s words .
1	then mordecai bade them return answer unto esther , think not with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king ’ s house , more than all the jews .
1	then esther bade them return answer unto mordecai ,
1	so mordecai went his way , and did according to all that esther had commanded him .
1	and esther said , if it seem good unto the king , let the king and haman come this day unto the banquet that i have prepared for him .
1	then answered esther , and said , my petition and my request is :
1	nevertheless haman refrained himself , and went home ; and he sent and fetched his friends and zeresh his wife .
1	yet all this availeth me nothing , so long as i see mordecai the jew sitting at the king ’ s gate .
1	on that night could not the king sleep ; and he commanded to bring the book of records of the chronicles , and they were read before the king .
1	and the king ’ s servants said unto him , behold , haman standeth in the court . and the king said , let him come in .
1	and haman said unto the king , for the man whom the king delighteth to honor ,
1	and mordecai came again to the king ’ s gate . but haman hasted to his house , mourning and having his head covered .
1	while they were yet talking with him , came the king ’ s chamberlains , and hasted to bring haman unto the banquet that esther had prepared .
1	so the king and haman came to banquet with esther the queen .
1	and esther said , an adversary and an enemy , even this wicked haman . then haman was afraid before the king and the queen .
1	so they hanged haman on the gallows that he had prepared for mordecai . then was the king ’ s wrath pacified .
1	then the king held out to esther the golden sceptre . so esther arose , and stood before the king .
1	for how can i endure to see the evil that shall come unto my people ? or how can i endure to see the destruction of my kindred ?
1	upon one day in all the provinces of king ahasuerus , namely , upon the thirteenth day of the twelfth month , which is the month adar .
1	the jews had light and gladness , and joy and honor .
1	for mordecai was great in the king ’ s house , and his fame went forth throughout all the provinces ; for the man mordecai waxed greater and greater .
1	and in shushan the palace the jews slew and destroyed five hundred men .
1	and parshandatha , and dalphon , and aspatha ,
1	and poratha , and adalia , and aridatha ,
1	and parmashta , and arisai , and aridai , and vaizatha ,
1	the ten sons of haman the son of hammedatha , the jews ’ enemy , slew they ; but on the spoil they laid not their hand .
1	on that day the number of those that were slain in shushan the palace was brought before the king .
1	and the king commanded it so to be done : and a decree was given out in shushan ; and they hanged haman ’ s ten sons .
1	and mordecai wrote these things , and sent letters unto all the jews that were in all the provinces of the king ahasuerus , both nigh and far ,
1	to enjoin them that they should keep the fourteenth day of the month adar , and the fifteenth day of the same , yearly ,
1	and the jews undertook to do as they had begun , and as mordecai had written unto them ;
1	then esther the queen , the daughter of abihail , and mordecai the jew , wrote with all authority to confirm this second letter of purim .
1	and he sent letters unto all the jews , to the hundred twenty and seven provinces of the kingdom of ahasuerus , with words of peace and truth ,
1	and the commandment of esther confirmed these matters of purim ; and it was written in the book .
1	and the king ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land , and upon the isles of the sea .
1	now these are the names of the sons of israel , who came into egypt ( every man and his household came with jacob ) :
1	reuben , simeon , levi , and judah ,
1	issachar , zebulun , and benjamin ,
1	dan and naphtali , gad and asher .
1	and all the souls that came out of the loins of jacob were seventy souls : and joseph was in egypt already .
1	and joseph died , and all his brethren , and all that generation .
1	and the children of israel were fruitful , and increased abundantly , and multiplied , and waxed exceeding mighty ; and the land was filled with them .
1	now there arose a new king over egypt , who knew not joseph .
1	and he said unto his people , behold , the people of the children of israel are more and mightier than we :
1	therefore they did set over them taskmasters to afflict them with their burdens . and they built for pharaoh store-cities , pithom and raamses .
1	but the more they afflicted them , the more they multiplied and the more they spread abroad . and they were grieved because of the children of israel .
1	and the egyptians made the children of israel to serve with rigor :
1	and the king of egypt spake to the hebrew midwives , of whom the name of the one was shiphrah , and the name of the other puah :
1	but the midwives feared god , and did not as the king of egypt commanded them , but saved the men-children alive .
1	and the king of egypt called for the midwives , and said unto them , why have ye done this thing , and have saved the men-children alive ?
1	and god dealt well with the midwives : and the people multiplied , and waxed very mighty .
1	and it came to pass , because the midwives feared god , that he made them households .
1	and pharaoh charged all his people , saying , every son that is born ye shall cast into the river , and every daughter ye shall save alive .
1	and there went a man of the house of levi , and took to wife a daughter of levi .
1	and the woman conceived , and bare a son : and when she saw him that he was a goodly child , she hid him three months .
1	and his sister stood afar off , to know what would be done to him .
1	and pharaoh ’ s daughter said to her , go . and the maiden went and called the child ’ s mother .
1	now the priest of midian had seven daughters : and they came and drew water , and filled the troughs to water their father ’ s flock .
1	and the shepherds came and drove them away ; but moses stood up and helped them , and watered their flock .
1	and when they came to reuel their father , he said , how is it that ye are come so soon to-day ?
1	and they said , an egyptian delivered us out of the hand of the shepherds , and moreover he drew water for us , and watered the flock .
1	and moses was content to dwell with the man : and he gave moses zipporah his daughter .
1	and she bare a son , and he called his name gershom ; for he said , i have been a sojourner in a foreign land .
1	and god heard their groaning , and god remembered his covenant with abraham , with isaac , and with jacob .
1	and god saw the children of israel , and god took knowledge of them .
1	and moses said , i will turn aside now , and see this great sight , why the bush is not burnt .
1	and he said , draw not nigh hither : put off thy shoes from off thy feet , for the place whereon thou standest is holy ground .
1	and now , behold , the cry of the children of israel is come unto me : moreover i have seen the oppression wherewith the egyptians oppress them .
1	come now therefore , and i will send thee unto pharaoh , that thou mayest bring forth my people the children of israel out of egypt .
1	and i know that the king of egypt will not give you leave to go , no , not by a mighty hand .
1	and jehovah said unto him , what is that in thy hand ? and he said , a rod .
1	now therefore go , and i will be with thy mouth , and teach thee what thou shalt speak .
1	and he said , oh , lord , send , i pray thee , by the hand of him whom thou wilt send .
1	and thou shalt take in thy hand this rod , wherewith thou shalt do the signs .
1	and jehovah said unto moses in midian , go , return into egypt ; for all the men are dead that sought thy life .
1	and thou shalt say unto pharaoh , thus saith jehovah , israel is my son , my first-born :
1	and it came to pass on the way at the lodging-place , that jehovah met him , and sought to kill him .
1	so he let him alone . then she said , a bridegroom of blood art thou , because of the circumcision .
1	and moses told aaron all the words of jehovah wherewith he had sent him , and all the signs wherewith he had charged him .
1	and moses and aaron went and gathered together all the elders of the children of israel :
1	and aaron spake all the words which jehovah had spoken unto moses , and did the signs in the sight of the people .
1	and the king of egypt said unto them , wherefore do ye , moses and aaron , loose the people from their works ? get you unto your burdens .
1	and pharaoh said , behold , the people of the land are now many , and ye make them rest from their burdens .
1	and the same day pharaoh commanded the taskmasters of the people , and their officers , saying ,
1	ye shall no more give the people straw to make brick , as heretofore : let them go and gather straw for themselves .
1	let heavier work be laid upon the men , that they may labor therein ; and let them not regard lying words .
1	go yourselves , get you straw where ye can find it ; for nought of your work shall be diminished .
1	so the people were scattered abroad throughout all the land of egypt to gather stubble for straw .
1	and the taskmasters were urgent , saying , fulfil your works , your daily tasks , as when there was straw .
1	then the officers of the children of israel came and cried unto pharaoh , saying , wherefore dealest thou thus with thy servants ?
1	but he said , ye are idle , ye are idle : therefore ye say , let us go and sacrifice to jehovah .
1	go therefore now , and work ; for there shall no straw be given you , yet shall ye deliver the number of bricks .
1	and they met moses and aaron , who stood in the way , as they came forth from pharaoh :
1	and moses returned unto jehovah , and said , lord , wherefore hast thou dealt ill with this people ? why is it that thou hast sent me ?
1	for since i came to pharaoh to speak in thy name , he hath dealt ill with this people ; neither hast thou delivered thy people at all .
1	and god spake unto moses , and said unto him , i am jehovah :
1	and i appeared unto abraham , unto isaac , and unto jacob , as god almighty ; but by my name jehovah i was not known to them .
1	and i have also established my covenant with them , to give them the land of canaan , the land of their sojournings , wherein they sojourned .
1	and moreover i have heard the groaning of the children of israel , whom the egyptians keep in bondage ; and i have remembered my covenant .
1	and moses spake so unto the children of israel : but they hearkened not unto moses for anguish of spirit , and for cruel bondage .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	go in , speak unto pharaoh king of egypt , that he let the children of israel go out of his land .
1	the sons of gershon : libni and shimei , according to their families .
1	and the sons of merari : mahli and mushi . these are the families of the levites according to their generations .
1	and the sons of izhar : korah , and nepheg , and zichri .
1	and the sons of uzziel : mishael , and elzaphan , and sithri .
1	and the sons of korah : assir , and elkanah , and abiasaph ; these are the families of the korahites .
1	these are that aaron and moses , to whom jehovah said , bring out the children of israel from the land of egypt according to their hosts .
1	these are they that spake to pharaoh king of egypt , to bring out the children of israel from egypt : these are that moses and aaron .
1	and it came to pass on the day when jehovah spake unto moses in the land of egypt ,
1	that jehovah spake unto moses , saying , i am jehovah : speak thou unto pharaoh king of egypt all that i speak unto thee .
1	and moses said before jehovah , behold , i am of uncircumcised lips , and how shall pharaoh hearken unto me ?
1	and jehovah said unto moses , see , i have made thee as god to pharaoh ; and aaron thy brother shall be thy prophet .
1	and i will harden pharaoh ’ s heart , and multiply my signs and my wonders in the land of egypt .
1	and the egyptians shall know that i am jehovah , when i stretch forth my hand upon egypt , and bring out the children of israel from among them .
1	and moses and aaron did so ; as jehovah commanded them , so did they .
1	and moses was fourscore years old , and aaron fourscore and three years old , when they spake unto pharaoh .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses and unto aaron , saying ,
1	then pharaoh also called for the wise men and the sorcerers : and they also , the magicians of egypt , did in like manner with their enchantments .
1	for they cast down every man his rod , and they became serpents : but aaron ’ s rod swallowed up their rods .
1	and pharaoh ’ s heart was hardened , and he hearkened not unto them ; as jehovah had spoken .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , pharaoh ’ s heart is stubborn , he refuseth to let the people go .
1	and the fish that are in the river shall die , and the river shall become foul ; and the egyptians shall loathe to drink water from the river .
1	and pharaoh turned and went into his house , neither did he lay even this to heart .
1	and all the egyptians digged round about the river for water to drink ; for they could not drink of the water of the river .
1	and seven days were fulfilled , after that jehovah had smitten the river .
1	and if thou refuse to let them go , behold , i will smite all thy borders with frogs :
1	and the frogs shall come up both upon thee , and upon thy people , and upon all thy servants .
1	and aaron stretched out his hand over the waters of egypt ; and the frogs came up , and covered the land of egypt .
1	and the magicians did in like manner with their enchantments , and brought up frogs upon the land of egypt .
1	and moses and aaron went out from pharaoh : and moses cried unto jehovah concerning the frogs which he had brought upon pharaoh .
1	and jehovah did according to the word of moses ; and the frogs died out of the houses , out of the courts , and out of the fields .
1	and they gathered them together in heaps ; and the land stank .
1	but when pharaoh saw that there was respite , he hardened his heart , and hearkened not unto them ; as jehovah had spoken .
1	and the magicians did so with their enchantments to bring forth lice , but they could not : and there were lice upon man , and upon beast .
1	and i will put a division between my people and thy people : by to-morrow shall this sign be .
1	and pharaoh called for moses and for aaron , and said , go ye , sacrifice to your god in the land .
1	we will go three days ’ journey into the wilderness , and sacrifice to jehovah our god , as he shall command us .
1	and moses went out from pharaoh , and entreated jehovah .
1	and pharaoh hardened his heart this time also , and he did not let the people go .
1	for if thou refuse to let them go , and wilt hold them still ,
1	and jehovah appointed a set time , saying , to-morrow jehovah shall do this thing in the land .
1	and jehovah did that thing on the morrow ; and all the cattle of egypt died ; but of the cattle of the children of israel died not one .
1	and the magicians could not stand before moses because of the boils ; for the boils were upon the magicians , and upon all the egyptians .
1	and jehovah hardened the heart of pharaoh , and he hearkened not unto them ; as jehovah had spoken unto moses .
1	for now i had put forth my hand , and smitten thee and thy people with pestilence , and thou hadst been cut off from the earth :
1	as yet exaltest thou thyself against my people , that thou wilt not let them go ?
1	he that feared the word of jehovah among the servants of pharaoh made his servants and his cattle flee into the houses :
1	and he that regarded not the word of jehovah left his servants and his cattle in the field .
1	only in the land of goshen , where the children of israel were , was there no hail .
1	entreat jehovah ; for there hath been enough of these mighty thunderings and hail ; and i will let you go , and ye shall stay no longer .
1	but as for thee and thy servants , i know that ye will not yet fear jehovah god .
1	and the flax and the barley were smitten : for the barley was in the ear , and the flax was in bloom .
1	but the wheat and the spelt were not smitten : for they were not grown up .
1	and the heart of pharaoh was hardened , and he did not let the children of israel go ; as jehovah had spoken by moses .
1	else , if thou refuse to let my people go , behold , to-morrow will i bring locusts into thy border :
1	then pharaoh called for moses and aaron in haste ; and he said , i have sinned against jehovah your god , and against you .
1	and he went out from pharaoh , and entreated jehovah .
1	but jehovah hardened pharaoh ’ s heart , and he did not let the children of israel go .
1	and moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven ; and there was a thick darkness in all the land of egypt three days ;
1	they saw not one another , neither rose any one from his place for three days : but all the children of israel had light in their dwellings .
1	and moses said , thou must also give into our hand sacrifices and burnt-offerings , that we may sacrifice unto jehovah our god .
1	but jehovah hardened pharaoh ’ s heart , and he would not let them go .
1	and moses said , thou hast spoken well ; i will see thy face again no more .
1	and moses said , thus saith jehovah , about midnight will i go out into the midst of egypt :
1	and there shall be a great cry throughout all the land of egypt , such as there hath not been , nor shall be any more .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , pharaoh will not hearken unto you ; that my wonders may be multiplied in the land of egypt .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses and aaron in the land of egypt , saying ,
1	this month shall be unto you the beginning of months : it shall be the first month of the year to you .
1	your lamb shall be without blemish , a male a year old : ye shall take it from the sheep , or from the goats :
1	and ye shall keep it until the fourteenth day of the same month ; and the whole assembly of the congregation of israel shall kill it at even .
1	and they shall take of the blood , and put it on the two side-posts and on the lintel , upon the houses wherein they shall eat it .
1	and they shall eat the flesh in that night , roast with fire , and unleavened bread ; with bitter herbs they shall eat it .
1	eat not of it raw , nor boiled at all with water , but roast with fire ; its head with its legs and with the inwards thereof .
1	and ye shall let nothing of it remain until the morning ; but that which remaineth of it until the morning ye shall burn with fire .
1	ye shall eat nothing leavened ; in all your habitations shall ye eat unleavened bread .
1	and ye shall observe this thing for an ordinance to thee and to thy sons for ever .
1	and it shall come to pass , when your children shall say unto you , what mean ye by this service ?
1	and the children of israel went and did so ; as jehovah had commanded moses and aaron , so did they .
1	take both your flocks and your herds , as ye have said , and be gone ; and bless me also .
1	and the egyptians were urgent upon the people , to send them out of the land in haste ; for they said , we are all dead men .
1	and the people took their dough before it was leavened , their kneading-troughs being bound up in their clothes upon their shoulders .
1	and jehovah gave the people favor in the sight of the egyptians , so that they let them have what they asked . and they despoiled the egyptians .
1	and the children of israel journeyed from rameses to succoth , about six hundred thousand on foot that were men , besides children .
1	and a mixed multitude went up also with them ; and flocks , and herds , even very much cattle .
1	now the time that the children of israel dwelt in egypt was four hundred and thirty years .
1	and jehovah said unto moses and aaron , this is the ordinance of the passover : there shall no foreigner eat thereof ;
1	but every man ’ s servant that is bought for money , when thou hast circumcised him , then shall he eat thereof .
1	a sojourner and a hired servant shall not eat thereof .
1	all the congregation of israel shall keep it .
1	one law shall be to him that is home-born , and unto the stranger that sojourneth among you .
1	thus did all the children of israel ; as jehovah commanded moses and aaron , so did they .
1	and it came to pass the selfsame day , that jehovah did bring the children of israel out of the land of egypt by their hosts .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	sanctify unto me all the first-born , whatsoever openeth the womb among the children of israel , both of man and of beast : it is mine .
1	this day ye go forth in the month abib .
1	seven days thou shalt eat unleavened bread , and in the seventh day shall be a feast to jehovah .
1	and thou shalt tell thy son in that day , saying , it is because of that which jehovah did for me when i came forth out of egypt .
1	thou shalt therefore keep this ordinance in its season from year to year .
1	and they took their journey from succoth , and encamped in etham , in the edge of the wilderness .
1	the pillar of cloud by day , and the pillar of fire by night , departed not from before the people .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and pharaoh will say of the children of israel , they are entangled in the land , the wilderness hath shut them in .
1	and he made ready his chariot , and took his people with him :
1	and he took six hundred chosen chariots , and all the chariots of egypt , and captains over all of them .
1	jehovah will fight for you , and ye shall hold your peace .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , wherefore criest thou unto me ? speak unto the children of israel , that they go forward .
1	and the egyptians shall know that i am jehovah , when i have gotten me honor upon pharaoh , upon his chariots , and upon his horsemen .
1	and the egyptians pursued , and went in after them into the midst of the sea , all pharaoh ’ s horses , his chariots , and his horsemen .
1	thus jehovah saved israel that day out of the hand of the egyptians ; and israel saw the egyptians dead upon the sea-shore .
1	then sang moses and the children of israel this song unto jehovah , and spake , saying ,
1	jehovah is my strength and song ,
1	jehovah is a man of war :
1	pharaoh ’ s chariots and his host hath he cast into the sea ;
1	the deeps cover them :
1	thy right hand , o jehovah , is glorious in power ,
1	and in the greatness of thine excellency thou overthrowest them that rise up against thee : thou sendest forth thy wrath , it consumeth them as stubble .
1	and with the blast of thy nostrils the waters were piled up ,
1	the enemy said , i will pursue , i will overtake , i will divide the spoil ;
1	thou didst blow with thy wind , the sea covered them :
1	who is like unto thee , o jehovah , among the gods ?
1	thou stretchedst out thy right hand ,
1	thou in thy lovingkindness hast led the people that thou hast redeemed :
1	the peoples have heard , they tremble :
1	then were the chiefs of edom dismayed ;
1	terror and dread falleth upon them ;
1	thou wilt bring them in , and plant them in the mountain of thine inheritance ,
1	jehovah shall reign for ever and ever .
1	and miriam answered them ,
1	and the people murmured against moses , saying , what shall we drink ?
1	and they came to elim , where were twelve springs of water , and threescore and ten palm-trees : and they encamped there by the waters .
1	and the whole congregation of the children of israel murmured against moses and against aaron in the wilderness :
1	and moses said unto aaron , say unto all the congregation of the children of israel , come near before jehovah ; for he hath heard your murmurings .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and the children of israel did so , and gathered some more , some less .
1	and moses said unto them , let no man leave of it till the morning .
1	and they gathered it morning by morning , every man according to his eating : and when the sun waxed hot , it melted .
1	and they laid it up till the morning , as moses bade : and it did not become foul , neither was there any worm therein .
1	and moses said , eat that to-day ; for to-day is a sabbath unto jehovah : to-day ye shall not find it in the field .
1	six days ye shall gather it ; but on the seventh day is the sabbath , in it there shall be none .
1	and it came to pass on the seventh day , that there went out some of the people to gather , and they found none .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , how long refuse ye to keep my commandments and my laws ?
1	so the people rested on the seventh day .
1	as jehovah commanded moses , so aaron laid it up before the testimony , to be kept .
1	now an omer is the tenth part of an ephah .
1	and moses cried unto jehovah , saying , what shall i do unto this people ? they are almost ready to stone me .
1	then came amalek , and fought with israel in rephidim .
1	and it came to pass , when moses held up his hand , that israel prevailed ; and when he let down his hand , amalek prevailed .
1	and joshua discomfited amalek and his people with the edge of the sword .
1	and moses built an altar , and called the name of it jehovah-nissi ;
1	and he said , jehovah hath sworn : jehovah will have war with amalek from generation to generation .
1	and jethro , moses ’ father-in-law , took zipporah , moses ’ wife , after he had sent her away ,
1	and her two sons ; of whom the name of the one was gershom ; for he said , i have been a sojourner in a foreign land :
1	and jethro , moses ’ father-in-law , came with his sons and his wife unto moses into the wilderness where he was encamped , at the mount of god :
1	and he said unto moses , i , thy father-in-law jethro , am come unto thee , and thy wife , and her two sons with her .
1	and jethro rejoiced for all the goodness which jehovah had done to israel , in that he had delivered them out of the hand of the egyptians .
1	now i know that jehovah is greater than all gods ; yea , in the thing wherein they dealt proudly against them .
1	and it came to pass on the morrow , that moses sat to judge the people : and the people stood about moses from the morning unto the evening .
1	and moses said unto his father-in-law , because the people come unto me to inquire of god :
1	and moses ’ father-in-law said unto him , the thing that thou doest is not good .
1	and thou shalt teach them the statutes and the laws , and shalt show them the way wherein they must walk , and the work that they must do .
1	so moses hearkened to the voice of his father-in-law , and did all that he had said .
1	and they judged the people at all seasons : the hard causes they brought unto moses , but every small matter they judged themselves .
1	and moses let his father-in-law depart ; and he went his way into his own land .
1	in the third month after the children of israel were gone forth out of the land of egypt , the same day came they into the wilderness of sinai .
1	ye have seen what i did unto the egyptians , and how i bare you on eagles ’ wings , and brought you unto myself .
1	and ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests , and a holy nation . these are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of israel .
1	and moses came and called for the elders of the people , and set before them all these words which jehovah commanded him .
1	and all the people answered together , and said , all that jehovah hath spoken we will do . and moses reported the words of the people unto jehovah .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , go unto the people , and sanctify them to-day and to-morrow , and let them wash their garments ,
1	and be ready against the third day ; for the third day jehovah will come down in the sight of all the people upon mount sinai .
1	and moses went down from the mount unto the people , and sanctified the people ; and they washed their garments .
1	and he said unto the people , be ready against the third day : come not near a woman .
1	and moses brought forth the people out of the camp to meet god ; and they stood at the nether part of the mount .
1	and when the voice of the trumpet waxed louder and louder , moses spake , and god answered him by a voice .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , go down , charge the people , lest they break through unto jehovah to gaze , and many of them perish .
1	and let the priests also , that come near to jehovah , sanctify themselves , lest jehovah break forth upon them .
1	so moses went down unto the people , and told them .
1	and god spake all these words , saying ,
1	i am jehovah thy god , who brought thee out of the land of egypt , out of the house of bondage .
1	thou shalt have no other gods before me .
1	and showing lovingkindness unto thousands of them that love me and keep my commandments .
1	thou shalt not take the name of jehovah thy god in vain ; for jehovah will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain .
1	remember the sabbath day , to keep it holy .
1	six days shalt thou labor , and do all thy work ;
1	honor thy father and thy mother , that thy days may be long in the land which jehovah thy god giveth thee .
1	thou shalt not kill .
1	thou shalt not commit adultery .
1	thou shalt not steal .
1	thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor .
1	and they said unto moses , speak thou with us , and we will hear ; but let not god speak with us , lest we die .
1	and the people stood afar off , and moses drew near unto the thick darkness where god was .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , thus thou shalt say unto the children of israel , ye yourselves have seen that i have talked with you from heaven .
1	ye shall not make other gods with me ; gods of silver , or gods of gold , ye shall not make unto you .
1	neither shalt thou go up by steps unto mine altar , that thy nakedness be not uncovered thereon .
1	now these are the ordinances which thou shalt set before them .
1	if thou buy a hebrew servant , six years he shall serve : and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing .
1	if he come in by himself , he shall go out by himself : if he be married , then his wife shall go out with him .
1	but if the servant shall plainly say , i love my master , my wife , and my children ; i will not go out free :
1	and if a man sell his daughter to be a maid-servant , she shall not go out as the men-servants do .
1	and if he espouse her unto his son , he shall deal with her after the manner of daughters .
1	if he take him another wife ; her food , her raiment , and her duty of marriage , shall he not diminish .
1	and if he do not these three things unto her , then shall she go out for nothing , without money .
1	he that smiteth a man , so that he dieth , shall surely be put to death .
1	and if a man lie not in wait , but god deliver him into his hand ; then i will appoint thee a place whither he shall flee .
1	and if a man come presumptuously upon his neighbor , to slay him with guile ; thou shalt take him from mine altar , that he may die .
1	and he that smiteth his father , or his mother , shall be surely put to death .
1	and he that stealeth a man , and selleth him , or if he be found in his hand , he shall surely be put to death .
1	and he that curseth his father or his mother , shall surely be put to death .
1	and if men contend , and one smite the other with a stone , or with his fist , and he die not , but keep his bed ;
1	and if a man smite his servant , or his maid , with a rod , and he die under his hand ; he shall surely be punished .
1	notwithstanding , if he continue a day or two , he shall not be punished : for he is his money .
1	but if any harm follow , then thou shalt give life for life ,
1	eye for eye , tooth for tooth , hand for hand , foot for foot ,
1	burning for burning , wound for wound , stripe for stripe .
1	if there be laid on him a ransom , then he shall give for the redemption of his life whatsoever is laid upon him .
1	whether it have gored a son , or have gored a daughter , according to this judgment shall it be done unto him .
1	if the ox gore a man-servant or a maid-servant , there shall be given unto their master thirty shekels of silver , and the ox shall be stoned .
1	the owner of the pit shall make it good ; he shall give money unto the owner thereof , and the dead beast shall be his .
1	if the thief be found breaking in , and be smitten so that he dieth , there shall be no bloodguiltiness for him .
1	if the theft be found in his hand alive , whether it be ox , or ass , or sheep ; he shall pay double .
1	but if it be stolen from him , he shall make restitution unto the owner thereof .
1	if it be torn in pieces , let him bring it for witness ; he shall not make good that which was torn .
1	if the owner thereof be with it , he shall not make it good : if it be a hired thing , it came for its hire .
1	and if a man entice a virgin that is not betrothed , and lie with her , he shall surely pay a dowry for her to be his wife .
1	if her father utterly refuse to give her unto him , he shall pay money according to the dowry of virgins .
1	thou shalt not suffer a sorceress to live .
1	whosoever lieth with a beast shall surely be put to death .
1	he that sacrificeth unto any god , save unto jehovah only , shall be utterly destroyed .
1	and a sojourner shalt thou not wrong , neither shalt thou oppress him : for ye were sojourners in the land of egypt .
1	ye shall not afflict any widow , or fatherless child .
1	if thou afflict them at all , and they cry at all unto me , i will surely hear their cry ;
1	and my wrath shall wax hot , and i will kill you with the sword ; and your wives shall be widows , and your children fatherless .
1	if thou at all take thy neighbor ’ s garment to pledge , thou shalt restore it unto him before the sun goeth down :
1	thou shalt not revile god , nor curse a ruler of thy people .
1	thou shalt not delay to offer of thy harvest , and of the outflow of thy presses . the first-born of thy sons shalt thou give unto me .
1	thou shalt not take up a false report : put not thy hand with the wicked to be an unrighteous witness .
1	thou shalt not follow a multitude to do evil ; neither shalt thou speak in a cause to turn aside after a multitude to wrest justice :
1	neither shalt thou favor a poor man in his cause .
1	if thou meet thine enemy ’ s ox or his ass going astray , thou shalt surely bring it back to him again .
1	if thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden , thou shalt forbear to leave him , thou shalt surely release it with him .
1	thou shalt not wrest the justice due to thy poor in his cause .
1	keep thee far from a false matter ; and the innocent and righteous slay thou not : for i will not justify the wicked .
1	and thou shalt take no bribe : for a bribe blindeth them that have sight , and perverteth the words of the righteous .
1	and a sojourner shalt thou not oppress : for ye know the heart of a sojourner , seeing ye were sojourners in the land of egypt .
1	and six years thou shalt sow thy land , and shalt gather in the increase thereof :
1	three times thou shalt keep a feast unto me in the year .
1	three times in the year all thy males shall appear before the lord jehovah .
1	thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread ; neither shall the fat of my feast remain all night until the morning .
1	behold , i send an angel before thee , to keep thee by the way , and to bring thee into the place which i have prepared .
1	there shall none cast her young , nor be barren , in thy land : the number of thy days i will fulfil .
1	and i will send the hornet before thee , which shall drive out the hivite , the canaanite , and the hittite , from before thee .
1	i will not drive them out from before thee in one year , lest the land become desolate , and the beasts of the field multiply against thee .
1	by little and little i will drive them out from before thee , until thou be increased , and inherit the land .
1	thou shalt make no covenant with them , nor with their gods .
1	and moses alone shall come near unto jehovah ; but they shall not come near ; neither shall the people go up with him .
1	and he sent young men of the children of israel , who offered burnt-offerings , and sacrificed peace-offerings of oxen unto jehovah .
1	and moses took half of the blood , and put it in basins ; and half of the blood he sprinkled on the altar .
1	then went up moses , and aaron , nadab , and abihu , and seventy of the elders of israel :
1	and upon the nobles of the children of israel he laid not his hand : and they beheld god , and did eat and drink .
1	and moses rose up , and joshua his minister : and moses went up into the mount of god .
1	and moses went up into the mount , and the cloud covered the mount .
1	and the appearance of the glory of jehovah was like devouring fire on the top of the mount in the eyes of the children of israel .
1	and moses entered into the midst of the cloud , and went up into the mount : and moses was in the mount forty days and forty nights .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	speak unto the children of israel , that they take for me an offering : of every man whose heart maketh him willing ye shall take my offering .
1	and this is the offering which ye shall take of them : gold , and silver , and brass ,
1	and blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine linen , and goats ’ hair ,
1	and rams ’ skins dyed red , and sealskins , and acacia wood ,
1	oil for the light , spices for the anointing oil , and for the sweet incense ,
1	onyx stones , and stones to be set , for the ephod , and for the breastplate .
1	and let them make me a sanctuary , that i may dwell among them .
1	according to all that i show thee , the pattern of the tabernacle , and the pattern of all the furniture thereof , even so shall ye make it .
1	and thou shalt overlay it with pure gold , within and without shalt thou overlay it , and shalt make upon it a crown of gold round about .
1	and thou shalt make staves of acacia wood , and overlay them with gold .
1	and thou shalt put the staves into the rings on the sides of the ark , wherewith to bear the ark .
1	the staves shall be in the rings of the ark : they shall not be taken from it .
1	and thou shalt put into the ark the testimony which i shall give thee .
1	and thou shalt make two cherubim of gold ; of beaten work shalt thou make them , at the two ends of the mercy-seat .
1	and thou shalt put the mercy-seat above upon the ark ; and in the ark thou shalt put the testimony that i shall give thee .
1	and thou shalt overlay it with pure gold , and make thereto a crown of gold round about .
1	and thou shalt make unto it a border of a handbreadth round about ; and thou shalt make a golden crown to the border thereof round about .
1	and thou shalt make for it four rings of gold , and put the rings in the four corners that are on the four feet thereof .
1	close by the border shall the rings be , for places for the staves to bear the table .
1	and thou shalt make the staves of acacia wood , and overlay them with gold , that the table may be borne with them .
1	and thou shalt set upon the table showbread before me alway .
1	and in the candlestick four cups made like almond-blossoms , the knops thereof , and the flowers thereof ;
1	their knops and their branches shall be of one piece with it ; the whole of it one beaten work of pure gold .
1	and thou shalt make the lamps thereof , seven : and they shall light the lamps thereof , to give light over against it .
1	and the snuffers thereof , and the snuffdishes thereof , shall be of pure gold .
1	of a talent of pure gold shall it be made , with all these vessels .
1	and see that thou make them after their pattern , which hath been showed thee in the mount .
1	the length of each curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits , and the breadth of each curtain four cubits : all the curtains shall have one measure .
1	five curtains shall be coupled together one to another ; and the other five curtains shall be coupled one to another .
1	and thou shalt make fifty clasps of gold , and couple the curtains one to another with the clasps : and the tabernacle shall be one whole .
1	and thou shalt make curtains of goats ’ hair for a tent over the tabernacle : eleven curtains shalt thou make them .
1	the length of each curtain shall be thirty cubits , and the breadth of each curtain four cubits : the eleven curtains shall have one measure .
1	and thou shalt couple five curtains by themselves , and six curtains by themselves , and shalt double over the sixth curtain in the forefront of the tent .
1	and thou shalt make fifty clasps of brass , and put the clasps into the loops , and couple the tent together , that it may be one .
1	and the overhanging part that remaineth of the curtains of the tent , the half curtain that remaineth , shall hang over the back of the tabernacle .
1	and thou shalt make a covering for the tent of rams ’ skins dyed red , and a covering of sealskins above .
1	and thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle of acacia wood , standing up .
1	ten cubits shall be the length of a board , and a cubit and a half the breadth of each board .
1	two tenons shall there be in each board , joined one to another : thus shalt thou make for all the boards of the tabernacle .
1	and thou shalt make the boards for the tabernacle , twenty boards for the south side southward .
1	and for the second side of the tabernacle , on the north side , twenty boards ,
1	and their forty sockets of silver ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
1	and for the hinder part of the tabernacle westward thou shalt make six boards .
1	and two boards shalt thou make for the corners of the tabernacle in the hinder part .
1	and there shall be eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
1	and thou shalt make bars of acacia wood ; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle ,
1	and the middle bar in the midst of the boards shall pass through from end to end .
1	and thou shalt overlay the boards with gold , and make their rings of gold for places for the bars : and thou shalt overlay the bars with gold .
1	and thou shalt rear up the tabernacle according to the fashion thereof which hath been showed thee in the mount .
1	and thou shalt hang it upon four pillars of acacia overlaid with gold ; their hooks shall be of gold , upon four sockets of silver .
1	and thou shalt put the mercy-seat upon the ark of the testimony in the most holy place .
1	and thou shalt make for it a grating of network of brass ; and upon the net shalt thou make four brazen rings in the four corners thereof .
1	and thou shalt put it under the ledge round the altar beneath , that the net may reach halfway up the altar .
1	and thou shalt make staves for the altar , staves of acacia wood , and overlay them with brass .
1	and the staves thereof shall be put into the rings , and the staves shall be upon the two sides of the altar , in bearing it .
1	hollow with planks shalt thou make it : as it hath been showed thee in the mount , so shall they make it .
1	and the pillars thereof shall be twenty , and their sockets twenty , of brass ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets shall be of silver .
1	and for the breadth of the court on the west side shall be hangings of fifty cubits ; their pillars ten , and their sockets ten .
1	and the breadth of the court on the east side eastward shall be fifty cubits .
1	the hangings for the one side of the gate shall be fifteen cubits ; their pillars three , and their sockets three .
1	and for the other side shall be hangings of fifteen cubits ; their pillars three , and their sockets three .
1	all the pillars of the court round about shall be filleted with silver ; their hooks of silver , and their sockets of brass .
1	and thou shalt command the children of israel , that they bring unto thee pure olive oil beaten for the light , to cause a lamp to burn continually .
1	and thou shalt make holy garments for aaron thy brother , for glory and for beauty .
1	and they shall take the gold , and the blue , and the purple , and the scarlet , and the fine linen .
1	and they shall make the ephod of gold , of blue , and purple , scarlet , and fine twined linen , the work of the skilful workman .
1	it shall have two shoulder-pieces joined to the two ends thereof , that it may be joined together .
1	and thou shalt take two onyx stones , and grave on them the names of the children of israel :
1	six of their names on the one stone , and the names of the six that remain on the other stone , according to their birth .
1	and thou shalt make settings of gold ,
1	and two chains of pure gold ; like cords shalt thou make them , of wreathen work : and thou shalt put the wreathen chains on the settings .
1	foursquare it shall be and double ; a span shall be the length thereof , and a span the breadth thereof .
1	and thou shalt set in it settings of stones , four rows of stones : a row of sardius , topaz , and carbuncle shall be the first row ;
1	and the second row an emerald , a sapphire , and a diamond ;
1	and the third row a jacinth , an agate , and an amethyst ;
1	and the fourth row a beryl , and an onyx , and a jasper : they shall be inclosed in gold in their settings .
1	and thou shalt make upon the breastplate chains like cords , of wreathen work of pure gold .
1	and thou shalt make upon the breastplate two rings of gold , and shalt put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
1	and thou shalt put the two wreathen chains of gold in the two rings at the ends of the breastplate .
1	and thou shalt make the robe of the ephod all of blue .
1	a golden bell and a pomegranate , a golden bell and a pomegranate , upon the skirts of the robe round about .
1	and thou shalt make a plate of pure gold , and grave upon it , like the engravings of a signet , holy to jehovah .
1	and thou shalt put it on a lace of blue , and it shall be upon the mitre ; upon the forefront of the mitre it shall be .
1	and thou shalt make them linen breeches to cover the flesh of their nakedness ; from the loins even unto the thighs they shall reach :
1	and unleavened bread , and cakes unleavened mingled with oil , and wafers unleavened anointed with oil : of fine wheaten flour shalt thou make them .
1	and thou shalt put them into one basket , and bring them in the basket , with the bullock and the two rams .
1	and aaron and his sons thou shalt bring unto the door of the tent of meeting , and shalt wash them with water .
1	and thou shalt set the mitre upon his head , and put the holy crown upon the mitre .
1	then shalt thou take the anointing oil , and pour it upon his head , and anoint him .
1	and thou shalt bring his sons , and put coats upon them .
1	and thou shalt bring the bullock before the tent of meeting : and aaron and his sons shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock .
1	and thou shalt kill the bullock before jehovah , at the door of the tent of meeting .
1	but the flesh of the bullock , and its skin , and its dung , shalt thou burn with fire without the camp : it is a sin-offering .
1	thou shalt also take the one ram ; and aaron and his sons shall lay their hands upon the head of the ram .
1	and thou shalt slay the ram , and thou shalt take its blood , and sprinkle it round about upon the altar .
1	and thou shalt take the other ram ; and aaron and his sons shall lay their hands upon the head of the ram .
1	and one loaf of bread , and one cake of oiled bread , and one wafer , out of the basket of unleavened bread that is before jehovah :
1	and thou shalt put the whole upon the hands of aaron , and upon the hands of his sons , and shalt wave them for a wave-offering before jehovah .
1	and thou shalt take the breast of aaron ’ s ram of consecration , and wave it for a wave-offering before jehovah : and it shall be thy portion .
1	and the holy garments of aaron shall be for his sons after him , to be anointed in them , and to be consecrated in them .
1	seven days shall the son that is priest in his stead put them on , when he cometh into the tent of meeting to minister in the holy place .
1	and thou shalt take the ram of consecration , and boil its flesh in a holy place .
1	and thus shalt thou do unto aaron , and to his sons , according to all that i have commanded thee : seven days shalt thou consecrate them .
1	seven days thou shalt make atonement for the altar , and sanctify it : and the altar shall be most holy ; whatsoever toucheth the altar shall be holy .
1	now this is that which thou shalt offer upon the altar : two lambs a year old day by day continually .
1	the one lamb thou shalt offer in the morning ; and the other lamb thou shalt offer at even :
1	and there i will meet with the children of israel ; and the tent shall be sanctified by my glory .
1	and i will dwell among the children of israel , and will be their god .
1	and thou shalt make an altar to burn incense upon : of acacia wood shalt thou make it .
1	and thou shalt make the staves of acacia wood , and overlay them with gold .
1	and aaron shall burn thereon incense of sweet spices : every morning , when he dresseth the lamps , he shall burn it .
1	and when aaron lighteth the lamps at even , he shall burn it , a perpetual incense before jehovah throughout your generations .
1	ye shall offer no strange incense thereon , nor burnt-offering , nor meal-offering ; and ye shall pour no drink-offering thereon .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	every one that passeth over unto them that are numbered , from twenty years old and upward , shall give the offering of jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet thereat :
1	moreover jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and of cassia five hundred , after the shekel of the sanctuary , and of olive oil a hin ;
1	and thou shalt make it a holy anointing oil , a perfume compounded after the art of the perfumer : it shall be a holy anointing oil .
1	and thou shalt anoint therewith the tent of meeting , and the ark of the testimony ,
1	and the table and all the vessels thereof , and the candlestick and the vessels thereof , and the altar of incense ,
1	and the altar of burnt-offering with all the vessels thereof , and the laver and the base thereof .
1	and thou shalt sanctify them , that they may be most holy : whatsoever toucheth them shall be holy .
1	and thou shalt anoint aaron and his sons , and sanctify them , that they may minister unto me in the priest ’ s office .
1	and thou shalt speak unto the children of israel , saying , this shall be a holy anointing oil unto me throughout your generations .
1	whosoever compoundeth any like it , or whosoever putteth any of it upon a stranger , he shall be cut off from his people .
1	and thou shalt make of it incense , a perfume after the art of the perfumer , seasoned with salt , pure and holy :
1	and the incense which thou shalt make , according to the composition thereof ye shall not make for yourselves : it shall be unto thee holy for jehovah .
1	whosoever shall make like unto that , to smell thereof , he shall be cut off from his people .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	see , i have called by name bezalel the son of uri , the son of hur , of the tribe of judah :
1	and i have filled him with the spirit of god , in wisdom , and in understanding , and in knowledge , and in all manner of workmanship ,
1	to devise skilful works , to work in gold , and in silver , and in brass ,
1	and in cutting of stones for setting , and in carving of wood , to work in all manner of workmanship .
1	the tent of meeting , and the ark of the testimony , and the mercy-seat that is thereupon , and all the furniture of the tent ,
1	and the table and its vessels , and the pure candlestick with all its vessels , and the altar of incense ,
1	and the altar of burnt-offering with all its vessels , and the laver and its base ,
1	and the anointing oil , and the incense of sweet spices for the holy place : according to all that i have commanded thee shall they do .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	wherefore the children of israel shall keep the sabbath , to observe the sabbath throughout their generations , for a perpetual covenant .
1	and all the people brake off the golden rings which were in their ears , and brought them unto aaron .
1	and when aaron saw this , he built an altar before it ; and aaron made proclamation , and said , to-morrow shall be a feast to jehovah .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , i have seen this people , and , behold , it is a stiffnecked people :
1	and jehovah repented of the evil which he said he would do unto his people .
1	and the tables were the work of god , and the writing was the writing of god , graven upon the tables .
1	and when joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted , he said unto moses , there is a noise of war in the camp .
1	and moses said unto aaron , what did this people unto thee , that thou hast brought a great sin upon them ?
1	and aaron said , let not the anger of my lord wax hot : thou knowest the people , that they are set on evil .
1	and when moses saw that the people were broken loose ( for aaron had let them loose for a derision among their enemies ) ,
1	and the sons of levi did according to the word of moses : and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men .
1	and moses returned unto jehovah , and said , oh , this people have sinned a great sin , and have made them gods of gold .
1	yet now , if thou wilt forgive their sin— ; and if not , blot me , i pray thee , out of thy book which thou hast written .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , whosoever hath sinned against me , him will i blot out of my book .
1	and jehovah smote the people , because they made the calf , which aaron made .
1	and when the people heard these evil tidings , they mourned : and no man did put on him his ornaments .
1	and the children of israel stripped themselves of their ornaments from mount horeb onward .
1	and he said , my presence shall go with thee , and i will give thee rest .
1	and he said unto him , if thy presence go not with me , carry us not up hence .
1	and he said , show me , i pray thee , thy glory .
1	and he said , thou canst not see my face ; for man shall not see me and live .
1	and jehovah said , behold , there is a place by me , and thou shalt stand upon the rock :
1	and i will take away my hand , and thou shalt see my back ; but my face shall not be seen .
1	and be ready by the morning , and come up in the morning unto mount sinai , and present thyself there to me on the top of the mount .
1	and jehovah descended in the cloud , and stood with him there , and proclaimed the name of jehovah .
1	and moses made haste , and bowed his head toward the earth , and worshipped .
1	but ye shall break down their altars , and dash in pieces their pillars , and ye shall cut down their asherim
1	( for thou shalt worship no other god : for jehovah , whose name is jealous , is a jealous god ) ;
1	thou shalt make thee no molten gods .
1	all that openeth the womb is mine ; and all thy cattle that is male , the firstlings of cow and sheep .
1	six days thou shalt work , but on the seventh day thou shalt rest : in plowing time and in harvest thou shalt rest .
1	and thou shalt observe the feast of weeks , even of the first-fruits of wheat harvest , and the feast of ingathering at the year ’ s end .
1	three times in the year shall all thy males appear before the lord jehovah , the god of israel .
1	thou shalt not offer the blood of my sacrifice with leavened bread ; neither shall the sacrifice of the feast of the passover be left unto the morning .
1	and jehovah said unto moses , write thou these words : for after the tenor of these words i have made a covenant with thee and with israel .
1	and when aaron and all the children of israel saw moses , behold , the skin of his face shone ; and they were afraid to come nigh him .
1	and moses called unto them ; and aaron and all the rulers of the congregation returned unto him : and moses spake to them .
1	and afterward all the children of israel came nigh : and he gave them in commandment all that jehovah had spoken with him in mount sinai .
1	and when moses had done speaking with them , he put a veil on his face .
1	ye shall kindle no fire throughout your habitations upon the sabbath day .
1	and moses spake unto all the congregation of the children of israel , saying , this is the thing which jehovah commanded , saying ,
1	and blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine linen , and goats ’ hair ,
1	and rams ’ skins dyed red , and sealskins , and acacia wood ,
1	and oil for the light , and spices for the anointing oil , and for the sweet incense ,
1	and onyx stones , and stones to be set , for the ephod , and for the breastplate .
1	and let every wise-hearted man among you come , and make all that jehovah hath commanded :
1	the tabernacle , its tent , and its covering , its clasps , and its boards , its bars , its pillars , and its sockets ;
1	the ark , and the staves thereof , the mercy-seat , and the veil of the screen ;
1	the table , and its staves , and all its vessels , and the showbread ;
1	the candlestick also for the light , and its vessels , and its lamps , and the oil for the light ;
1	the altar of burnt-offering , with its grating of brass , its staves , and all its vessels , the laver and its base ;
1	the hangings of the court , the pillars thereof , and their sockets , and the screen for the gate of the court ;
1	the pins of the tabernacle , and the pins of the court , and their cords ;
1	and all the congregation of the children of israel departed from the presence of moses .
1	and all the women whose heart stirred them up in wisdom spun the goats ’ hair .
1	and the rulers brought the onyx stones , and the stones to be set , for the ephod , and for the breastplate ;
1	and the spice , and the oil ; for the light , and for the anointing oil , and for the sweet incense .
1	and he hath filled him with the spirit of god , in wisdom , in understanding , and in knowledge , and in all manner of workmanship ;
1	and to devise skilful works , to work in gold , and in silver , and in brass ,
1	and in cutting of stones for setting , and in carving of wood , to work in all manner of skilful workmanship .
1	and he hath put in his heart that he may teach , both he , and oholiab , the son of ahisamach , of the tribe of dan .
1	and all the wise men , that wrought all the work of the sanctuary , came every man from his work which they wrought ;
1	and they spake unto moses , saying , the people bring much more than enough for the service of the work which jehovah commanded to make .
1	for the stuff they had was sufficient for all the work to make it , and too much .
1	the length of each curtain was eight and twenty cubits , and the breadth of each curtain four cubits : all the curtains had one measure .
1	and he coupled five curtains one to another : and the other five curtains he coupled one to another .
1	and he made fifty clasps of gold , and coupled the curtains one to another with the clasps : so the tabernacle was one .
1	and he made curtains of goats ’ hair for a tent over the tabernacle : eleven curtains he made them .
1	the length of each curtain was thirty cubits , and four cubits the breadth of each curtain : the eleven curtains had one measure .
1	and he coupled five curtains by themselves , and six curtains by themselves .
1	and he made fifty clasps of brass to couple the tent together , that it might be one .
1	and he made a covering for the tent of rams ’ skins dyed red , and a covering of sealskins above .
1	and he made the boards for the tabernacle , of acacia wood , standing up .
1	ten cubits was the length of a board , and a cubit and a half the breadth of each board .
1	each board had two tenons , joined one to another : thus did he make for all the boards of the tabernacle .
1	and he made the boards for the tabernacle : twenty boards for the south side southward ;
1	and for the second side of the tabernacle , on the north side , he made twenty boards ,
1	and their forty sockets of silver ; two sockets under one board , and two sockets under another board .
1	and for the hinder part of the tabernacle westward he made six boards .
1	and two boards made he for the corners of the tabernacle in the hinder part .
1	and there were eight boards , and their sockets of silver , sixteen sockets ; under every board two sockets .
1	and he made bars of acacia wood ; five for the boards of the one side of the tabernacle ,
1	and five bars for the boards of the other side of the tabernacle , and five bars for the boards of the tabernacle for the hinder part westward .
1	and he made the middle bar to pass through in the midst of the boards from the one end to the other .
1	and he overlaid the boards with gold , and made their rings of gold for places for the bars , and overlaid the bars with gold .
1	and the five pillars of it with their hooks : and he overlaid their capitals and their fillets with gold ; and their five sockets were of brass .
1	and he overlaid it with pure gold within and without , and made a crown of gold to it round about .
1	and he made staves of acacia wood , and overlaid them with gold .
1	and he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the ark , to bear the ark .
1	and he made a mercy-seat of pure gold : two cubits and a half was the length thereof , and a cubit and a half the breadth thereof .
1	and he made two cherubim of gold ; of beaten work made he them , at the two ends of the mercy-seat ;
1	and he overlaid it with pure gold , and made thereto a crown of gold round about .
1	and he made unto it a border of a handbreadth round about , and made a golden crown to the border thereof round about .
1	and he cast for it four rings of gold , and put the rings in the four corners that were on the four feet thereof .
1	close by the border were the rings , the places for the staves to bear the table .
1	and he made the staves of acacia wood , and overlaid them with gold , to bear the table .
1	and in the candlestick were four cups made like almond-blossoms , the knops thereof , and the flowers thereof ;
1	their knops and their branches were of one piece with it : the whole of it was one beaten work of pure gold .
1	and he made the lamps thereof , seven , and the snuffers thereof , and the snuffdishes thereof , of pure gold .
1	of a talent of pure gold made he it , and all the vessels thereof .
1	and he made the staves of acacia wood , and overlaid them with gold .
1	and he made the holy anointing oil , and the pure incense of sweet spices , after the art of the perfumer .
1	and he made the horns thereof upon the four corners of it ; the horns thereof were of one piece with it : and he overlaid it with brass .
1	and he made for the altar a grating of network of brass , under the ledge round it beneath , reaching halfway up .
1	and he cast four rings for the four ends of the grating of brass , to be places for the staves .
1	and he made the staves of acacia wood , and overlaid them with brass .
1	and he put the staves into the rings on the sides of the altar , wherewith to bear it ; he made it hollow with planks .
1	and he made the court : for the south side southward the hangings of the court were of fine twined linen , a hundred cubits ;
1	their pillars were twenty , and their sockets twenty , of brass ; the hooks of the pillars and their fillets were of silver .
1	and for the east side eastward fifty cubits .
1	the hangings for the one side of the gate were fifteen cubits ; their pillars three , and their sockets three ;
1	all the hangings of the court round about were of fine twined linen .
1	and all the pins of the tabernacle , and of the court round about , were of brass .
1	and bezalel the son of uri , the son of hur , of the tribe of judah , made all that jehovah commanded moses .
1	and of the thousand seven hundred seventy and five shekels he made hooks for the pillars , and overlaid their capitals , and made fillets for them .
1	and the brass of the offering was seventy talents , and two thousand and four hundred shekels .
1	and he made the ephod of gold , blue , and purple , and scarlet , and fine twined linen .
1	they made shoulder-pieces for it , joined together ; at the two ends was it joined together .
1	and he put them on the shoulder-pieces of the ephod , to be stones of memorial for the children of israel ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	it was foursquare ; they made the breastplate double : a span was the length thereof , and a span the breadth thereof , being double .
1	and they set in it four rows of stones . a row of sardius , topaz , and carbuncle was the first row ;
1	and the second row , an emerald , a sapphire , and a diamond ;
1	and the third row , a jacinth , an agate , and an amethyst ;
1	and the fourth row , a beryl , an onyx , and a jasper : they were inclosed in inclosings of gold in their settings .
1	and they made upon the breastplate chains like cords , of wreathen work of pure gold .
1	and they made two settings of gold , and two gold rings , and put the two rings on the two ends of the breastplate .
1	and they put the two wreathen chains of gold in the two rings at the ends of the breastplate .
1	and he made the robe of the ephod of woven work , all of blue ;
1	and they made upon the skirts of the robe pomegranates of blue , and purple , and scarlet , and twined linen .
1	and they made bells of pure gold , and put the bells between the pomegranates upon the skirts of the robe round about , between the pomegranates ;
1	a bell and a pomegranate , a bell and a pomegranate , upon the skirts of the robe round about , to minister in ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and they made the coats of fine linen of woven work for aaron , and for his sons ,
1	and the mitre of fine linen , and the goodly head-tires of fine linen , and the linen breeches of fine twined linen ,
1	and the girdle of fine twined linen , and blue , and purple , and scarlet , the work of the embroiderer ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and they tied unto it a lace of blue , to fasten it upon the mitre above ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and the covering of rams ’ skins dyed red , and the covering of sealskins , and the veil of the screen ;
1	the ark of the testimony , and the staves thereof , and the mercy-seat ;
1	the table , all the vessels thereof , and the showbread ;
1	the pure candlestick , the lamps thereof , even the lamps to be set in order , and all the vessels thereof , and the oil for the light ;
1	and the golden altar , and the anointing oil , and the sweet incense , and the screen for the door of the tent ;
1	the brazen altar , and its grating of brass , its staves , and all its vessels , the laver and its base ;
1	according to all that jehovah commanded moses , so the children of israel did all the work .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	on the first day of the first month shalt thou rear up the tabernacle of the tent of meeting .
1	and thou shalt put therein the ark of the testimony , and thou shalt screen the ark with the veil .
1	and thou shalt set the golden altar for incense before the ark of the testimony , and put the screen of the door to the tabernacle .
1	and thou shalt set the altar of burnt-offering before the door of the tabernacle of the tent of meeting .
1	and thou shalt set the laver between the tent of meeting and the altar , and shalt put water therein .
1	and thou shalt set up the court round about , and hang up the screen of the gate of the court .
1	and thou shalt anoint the altar of burnt-offering , and all its vessels , and sanctify the altar : and the altar shall be most holy .
1	and thou shalt anoint the laver and its base , and sanctify it .
1	and thou shalt bring aaron and his sons unto the door of the tent of meeting , and shalt wash them with water .
1	and thou shalt bring his sons , and put coats upon them ;
1	thus did moses : according to all that jehovah commanded him , so did he .
1	and it came to pass in the first month in the second year , on the first day of the month , that the tabernacle was reared up .
1	and he spread the tent over the tabernacle , and put the covering of the tent above upon it ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and he took and put the testimony into the ark , and set the staves on the ark , and put the mercy-seat above upon the ark :
1	and he put the table in the tent of meeting , upon the side of the tabernacle northward , without the veil .
1	and he set the bread in order upon it before jehovah ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and he put the candlestick in the tent of meeting , over against the table , on the side of the tabernacle southward .
1	and he lighted the lamps before jehovah ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and he put the golden altar in the tent of meeting before the veil :
1	and he burnt thereon incense of sweet spices ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and he put the screen of the door to the tabernacle .
1	and he set the laver between the tent of meeting and the altar , and put water therein , wherewith to wash .
1	and moses and aaron and his sons washed their hands and their feet thereat ;
1	when they went into the tent of meeting , and when they came near unto the altar , they washed ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	then the cloud covered the tent of meeting , and the glory of jehovah filled the tabernacle .
1	and moses was not able to enter into the tent of meeting , because the cloud abode thereon , and the glory of jehovah filled the tabernacle .
1	and when the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle , the children of israel went onward , throughout all their journeys :
1	but if the cloud was not taken up , then they journeyed not till the day that it was taken up .
1	in the fifth day of the month , which was the fifth year of king jehoiachin ’ s captivity ,
1	and out of the midst thereof came the likeness of four living creatures . and this was their appearance : they had the likeness of a man ;
1	and every one had four faces , and every one of them had four wings .
1	and they had the hands of a man under their wings on their four sides ; and they four had their faces and their wings thus :
1	their wings were joined one to another ; they turned not when they went ; they went every one straight forward .
1	and their faces and their wings were separate above ; two wings of every one were joined one to another , and two covered their bodies .
1	and they went every one straight forward : whither the spirit was to go , they went ; they turned not when they went .
1	and the living creatures ran and returned as the appearance of a flash of lightning .
1	now as i beheld the living creatures , behold , one wheel upon the earth beside the living creatures , for each of the four faces thereof .
1	when they went , they went in their four directions : they turned not when they went .
1	as for their rims , they were high and dreadful ; and they four had their rims full of eyes round about .
1	and there was a voice above the firmament that was over their heads : when they stood , they let down their wings .
1	and he said unto me , son of man , stand upon thy feet , and i will speak with thee .
1	and the spirit entered into me when he spake unto me , and set me upon my feet ; and i heard him that spake unto me .
1	and the children are impudent and stiffhearted : i do send thee unto them ; and thou shalt say unto them , thus saith the lord jehovah .
1	and thou shalt speak my words unto them , whether they will hear , or whether they will forbear ; for they are most rebellious .
1	and when i looked , behold , a hand was put forth unto me ; and , lo , a roll of a book was therein ;
1	and he spread it before me : and it was written within and without ; and there were written therein lamentations , and mourning , and woe .
1	and he said unto me , son of man , eat that which thou findest ; eat this roll , and go , speak unto the house of israel .
1	so i opened my mouth , and he caused me to eat the roll .
1	and he said unto me , son of man , go , get thee unto the house of israel , and speak with my words unto them .
1	for thou art not sent to a people of a strange speech and of a hard language , but to the house of israel ;
1	behold , i have made thy face hard against their faces , and thy forehead hard against their foreheads .
1	as an adamant harder than flint have i made thy forehead : fear them not , neither be dismayed at their looks , though they are a rebellious house .
1	moreover he said unto me , son of man , all my words that i shall speak unto thee receive in thy heart , and hear with thine ears .
1	and it came to pass at the end of seven days , that the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	thou also , son of man , take thee a tile , and lay it before thee , and portray upon it a city , even jerusalem :
1	and thou shalt set thy face toward the siege of jerusalem , with thine arm uncovered ; and thou shalt prophesy against it .
1	and thy food which thou shalt eat shall be by weight , twenty shekels a day : from time to time shalt thou eat it .
1	and thou shalt drink water by measure , the sixth part of a hin : from time to time shalt thou drink .
1	and thou shalt eat it as barley cakes , and thou shalt bake it in their sight with dung that cometh out of man .
1	and jehovah said , even thus shall the children of israel eat their bread unclean , among the nations whither i will drive them .
1	then he said unto me , see , i have given thee cow ’ s dung for man ’ s dung , and thou shalt prepare thy bread thereon .
1	that they may want bread and water , and be dismayed one with another , and pine away in their iniquity .
1	and thou shalt take thereof a few in number , and bind them in thy skirts .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : this is jerusalem ; i have set her in the midst of the nations , and countries are round about her .
1	and i will do in thee that which i have not done , and whereunto i will not do any more the like , because of all thine abominations .
1	moreover i will make thee a desolation and a reproach among the nations that are round about thee , in the sight of all that pass by .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , set thy face toward the mountains of israel , and prophesy unto them ,
1	and your altars shall become desolate , and your sun-images shall be broken ; and i will cast down your slain men before your idols .
1	and i will lay the dead bodies of the children of israel before their idols ; and i will scatter your bones round about your altars .
1	and the slain shall fall in the midst of you , and ye shall know that i am jehovah .
1	yet will i leave a remnant , in that ye shall have some that escape the sword among the nations , when ye shall be scattered through the countries .
1	and they shall know that i am jehovah : i have not said in vain that i would do this evil unto them .
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : an evil , an only evil ; behold , it cometh .
1	an end is come , the end is come ; it awaketh against thee ; behold , it cometh .
1	behold , the day , behold , it cometh : thy doom is gone forth ; the rod hath blossomed , pride hath budded .
1	the time is come , the day draweth near : let not the buyer rejoice , nor the seller mourn ; for wrath is upon all the multitude thereof .
1	they have blown the trumpet , and have made all ready ; but none goeth to the battle ; for my wrath is upon all the multitude thereof .
1	all hands shall be feeble , and all knees shall be weak as water .
1	they shall also gird themselves with sackcloth , and horror shall cover them ; and shame shall be upon all faces , and baldness upon all their heads .
1	my face will i turn also from them , and they shall profane my secret place ; and robbers shall enter into it , and profane it .
1	make the chain ; for the land is full of bloody crimes , and the city is full of violence .
1	destruction cometh ; and they shall seek peace , and there shall be none .
1	and , behold , the glory of the god of israel was there , according to the appearance that i saw in the plain .
1	and he brought me to the door of the court ; and when i looked , behold , a hole in the wall .
1	then said he unto me , son of man , dig now in the wall : and when i had digged in the wall , behold , a door .
1	and he said unto me , go in , and see the wicked abominations that they do here .
1	he said also unto me , thou shalt again see yet other great abominations which they do .
1	then said he unto me , hast thou seen this , o son of man ? thou shalt again see yet greater abominations than these .
1	and as for me also , mine eye shall not spare , neither will i have pity , but i will bring their way upon their head .
1	now the cherubim stood on the right side of the house , when the man went in ; and the cloud filled the inner court .
1	and the sound of the wings of the cherubim was heard even to the outer court , as the voice of god almighty when he speaketh .
1	and there appeared in the cherubim the form of a man ’ s hand under their wings .
1	and as for their appearance , they four had one likeness , as if a wheel had been within a wheel .
1	as for the wheels , they were called in my hearing the whirling wheels .
1	and the cherubim mounted up : this is the living creature that i saw by the river chebar .
1	when they stood , these stood ; and when they mounted up , these mounted up with them : for the spirit of the living creature was in them .
1	and the glory of jehovah went forth from over the threshold of the house , and stood over the cherubim .
1	this is the living creature that i saw under the god of israel by the river chebar ; and i knew that they were cherubim .
1	every one had four faces , and every one four wings ; and the likeness of the hands of a man was under their wings .
1	and he said unto me , son of man , these are the men that devise iniquity , and that give wicked counsel in this city ;
1	that say , the time is not near to build houses : this city is the caldron , and we are the flesh .
1	therefore prophesy against them , prophesy , o son of man .
1	ye have multiplied your slain in this city , and ye have filled the streets thereof with the slain .
1	ye have feared the sword ; and i will bring the sword upon you , saith the lord jehovah .
1	and i will bring you forth out of the midst thereof , and deliver you into the hands of strangers , and will execute judgments among you .
1	ye shall fall by the sword ; i will judge you in the border of israel ; and ye shall know that i am jehovah .
1	this city shall not be your caldron , neither shall ye be the flesh in the midst thereof ; i will judge you in the border of israel ;
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and they shall come thither , and they shall take away all the detestable things thereof and all the abominations thereof from thence .
1	then did the cherubim lift up their wings , and the wheels were beside them ; and the glory of the god of israel was over them above .
1	and the glory of jehovah went up from the midst of the city , and stood upon the mountain which is on the east side of the city .
1	then i spake unto them of the captivity all the things that jehovah had showed me .
1	the word of jehovah also came unto me , saying ,
1	dig thou through the wall in their sight , and carry out thereby .
1	and in the morning came the word of jehovah unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , hath not the house of israel , the rebellious house , said unto thee , what doest thou ?
1	say thou unto them , thus saith the lord jehovah : this burden concerneth the prince in jerusalem , and all the house of israel among whom they are .
1	say , i am your sign : like as i have done , so shall it be done unto them ; they shall go into exile , into captivity .
1	and they shall know that i am jehovah , when i shall disperse them among the nations , and scatter them through the countries .
1	moreover the word of jehovah came to me , saying ,
1	son of man , eat thy bread with quaking , and drink thy water with trembling and with fearfulness ;
1	and the cities that are inhabited shall be laid waste , and the land shall be a desolation ; and ye shall know that i am jehovah .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , what is this proverb that ye have in the land of israel , saying , the days are prolonged , and every vision faileth ?
1	for there shall be no more any false vision nor flattering divination within the house of israel .
1	again the word of jehovah came to me , saying ,
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	thus saith the lord jehovah , woe unto the foolish prophets , that follow their own spirit , and have seen nothing !
1	o israel , thy prophets have been like foxes in the waste places .
1	lo , when the wall is fallen , shall it not be said unto you , where is the daubing wherewith ye have daubed it ?
1	then came certain of the elders of israel unto me , and sat before me .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	that i may take the house of israel in their own heart , because they are all estranged from me through their idols .
1	and they shall bear their iniquity : the iniquity of the prophet shall be even as the iniquity of him that seeketh unto him ;
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	or if i send a pestilence into that land , and pour out my wrath upon it in blood , to cut off from it man and beast ;
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , what is the vine-tree more than any tree , the vine-branch which is among the trees of the forest ?
1	shall wood be taken thereof to make any work ? or will men take a pin of it to hang any vessel thereon ?
1	and i will make the land desolate , because they have committed a trespass , saith the lord jehovah .
1	again the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , cause jerusalem to know her abominations ;
1	then washed i thee with water ; yea , i thoroughly washed away thy blood from thee , and i anointed thee with oil .
1	i clothed thee also with broidered work , and shod thee with sealskin , and i girded thee about with fine linen , and covered thee with silk .
1	and i decked thee with ornaments , and i put bracelets upon thy hands , and a chain on thy neck .
1	and i put a ring upon thy nose , and ear-rings in thine ears , and a beautiful crown upon thy head .
1	and thou tookest thy broidered garments , and coveredst them , and didst set mine oil and mine incense before them .
1	that thou hast slain my children , and delivered them up , in causing them to pass through the fire unto them ?
1	and it is come to pass after all thy wickedness ( woe , woe unto thee ! saith the lord jehovah ) ,
1	that thou hast built unto thee a vaulted place , and hast made thee a lofty place in every street .
1	thou hast also committed fornication with the egyptians , thy neighbors , great of flesh ; and hast multiplied thy whoredom , to provoke me to anger .
1	thou hast moreover multiplied thy whoredom unto the land of traffic , unto chaldea ; and yet thou wast not satisfied herewith .
1	how weak is thy heart , saith the lord jehovah , seeing thou doest all these things , the work of an impudent harlot ;
1	a wife that committeth adultery ! that taketh strangers instead of her husband !
1	wherefore , o harlot , hear the word of jehovah :
1	and i will judge thee , as women that break wedlock and shed blood are judged ; and i will bring upon thee the blood of wrath and jealousy .
1	they shall also bring up a company against thee , and they shall stone thee with stones , and thrust thee through with their swords .
1	behold , every one that useth proverbs shall use this proverb against thee , saying , as is the mother , so is her daughter .
1	and they were haughty , and committed abomination before me : therefore i took them away as i saw good .
1	that thou mayest bear thine own shame , and mayest be ashamed because of all that thou hast done , in that thou art a comfort unto them .
1	for thy sister sodom was not mentioned by thy mouth in the day of thy pride ,
1	thou hast borne thy lewdness and thine abominations , saith jehovah .
1	for thus saith the lord jehovah : i will also deal with thee as thou hast done , who hast despised the oath in breaking the covenant .
1	nevertheless i will remember my covenant with thee in the days of thy youth , and i will establish unto thee an everlasting covenant .
1	and i will establish my covenant with thee ; and thou shalt know that i am jehovah ;
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , put forth a riddle , and speak a parable unto the house of israel ;
1	he cropped off the topmost of the young twigs thereof , and carried it unto a land of traffic ; he set it in a city of merchants .
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	that the kingdom might be base , that it might not lift itself up , but that by keeping his covenant it might stand .
1	the word of jehovah came unto me again , saying ,
1	as i live , saith the lord jehovah , ye shall not have occasion any more to use this proverb in israel .
1	but if a man be just , and do that which is lawful and right ,
1	hath walked in my statutes , and hath kept mine ordinances , to deal truly ; he is just , he shall surely live , saith the lord jehovah .
1	if he beget a son that is a robber , a shedder of blood , and that doeth any one of these things ,
1	and that doeth not any of those duties , but even hath eaten upon the mountains , and defiled his neighbor ’ s wife ,
1	none of his transgressions that he hath committed shall be remembered against him : in his righteousness that he hath done he shall live .
1	have i any pleasure in the death of the wicked ? saith the lord jehovah ; and not rather that he should return from his way , and live ?
1	when the righteous man turneth away from his righteousness , and committeth iniquity , and dieth therein ; in his iniquity that he hath done shall he die .
1	because he considereth , and turneth away from all his transgressions that he hath committed , he shall surely live , he shall not die .
1	for i have no pleasure in the death of him that dieth , saith the lord jehovah : wherefore turn yourselves , and live .
1	moreover , take thou up a lamentation for the princes of israel ,
1	and say , what was thy mother ? a lioness : she couched among lions , in the midst of the young lions she nourished her whelps .
1	and she brought up one of her whelps : he became a young lion , and he learned to catch the prey ; he devoured men .
1	the nations also heard of him ; he was taken in their pit ; and they brought him with hooks unto the land of egypt .
1	now when she saw that she had waited , and her hope was lost , then she took another of her whelps , and made him a young lion .
1	and he went up and down among the lions ; he became a young lion , and he learned to catch the prey ; he devoured men .
1	then the nations set against him on every side from the provinces ; and they spread their net over him ; he was taken in their pit .
1	thy mother was like a vine , in thy blood , planted by the waters : it was fruitful and full of branches by reason of many waters .
1	and now it is planted in the wilderness , in a dry and thirsty land .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	wilt thou judge them , son of man , wilt thou judge them ? cause them to know the abominations of their fathers ;
1	so i caused them to go forth out of the land of egypt , and brought them into the wilderness .
1	and i gave them my statutes , and showed them mine ordinances , which if a man do , he shall live in them .
1	moreover also i gave them my sabbaths , to be a sign between me and them , that they might know that i am jehovah that sanctifieth them .
1	because they rejected mine ordinances , and walked not in my statutes , and profaned my sabbaths : for their heart went after their idols .
1	nevertheless mine eye spared them , and i destroyed them not , neither did i make a full end of them in the wilderness .
1	i am jehovah your god : walk in my statutes , and keep mine ordinances , and do them ;
1	and hallow my sabbaths ; and they shall be a sign between me and you , that ye may know that i am jehovah your god .
1	moreover i sware unto them in the wilderness , that i would scatter them among the nations , and disperse them through the countries ;
1	because they had not executed mine ordinances , but had rejected my statutes , and had profaned my sabbaths , and their eyes were after their fathers ’ idols .
1	moreover also i gave them statutes that were not good , and ordinances wherein they should not live ;
1	then i said unto them , what meaneth the high place whereunto ye go ? so the name thereof is called bamah unto this day .
1	and i will bring you into the wilderness of the peoples , and there will i enter into judgment with you face to face .
1	and i will cause you to pass under the rod , and i will bring you into the bond of the covenant ;
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and all flesh shall see that i , jehovah , have kindled it ; it shall not be quenched .
1	then said i , ah lord jehovah ! they say of me , is he not a speaker of parables ?
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , set thy face toward jerusalem , and drop thy word toward the sanctuaries , and prophesy against the land of israel ;
1	and all flesh shall know that i , jehovah , have drawn forth my sword out of its sheath ; it shall not return any more .
1	sigh therefore , thou son of man ; with the breaking of thy loins and with bitterness shalt thou sigh before their eyes .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , prophesy , and say , thus saith jehovah : say , a sword , a sword , it is sharpened , and also furbished ;
1	for there is a trial ; and what if even the rod that contemneth shall be no more ? saith the lord jehovah .
1	gather thee together , go to the right , set thyself in array , go to the left , whithersoever thy face is set .
1	i will also smite my hands together , and i will cause my wrath to rest : i , jehovah , have spoken it .
1	the word of jehovah came unto me again , saying ,
1	thou shalt appoint a way for the sword to come to rabbah of the children of ammon , and to judah in jerusalem the fortified .
1	and thou , o deadly wounded wicked one , the prince of israel , whose day is come , in the time of the iniquity of the end ,
1	cause it to return into its sheath . in the place where thou wast created , in the land of thy birth , will i judge thee .
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and thou , son of man , wilt thou judge , wilt thou judge the bloody city ? then cause her to know all her abominations .
1	those that are near , and those that are far from thee , shall mock thee , thou infamous one and full of tumult .
1	behold , the princes of israel , every one according to his power , have been in thee to shed blood .
1	thou hast despised my holy things , and hast profaned my sabbaths .
1	slanderous men have been in thee to shed blood ; and in thee they have eaten upon the mountains : in the midst of thee they have committed lewdness .
1	in thee have they uncovered their fathers ’ nakedness ; in thee have they humbled her that was unclean in her impurity .
1	and i will scatter thee among the nations , and disperse thee through the countries ; and i will consume thy filthiness out of thee .
1	and thou shalt be profaned in thyself , in the sight of the nations ; and thou shalt know that i am jehovah .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah : because ye are all become dross , therefore , behold , i will gather you into the midst of jerusalem .
1	yea , i will gather you , and blow upon you with the fire of my wrath , and ye shall be melted in the midst thereof .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , say unto her , thou art a land that is not cleansed , nor rained upon in the day of indignation .
1	her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey , to shed blood , and to destroy souls , that they may get dishonest gain .
1	the people of the land have used oppression , and exercised robbery ; yea , they have vexed the poor and needy , and have oppressed the sojourner wrongfully .
1	the word of jehovah came again unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , there were two women , the daughters of one mother :
1	and oholah played the harlot when she was mine ; and she doted on her lovers , on the assyrians her neighbors ,
1	who were clothed with blue , governors and rulers , all of them desirable young men , horsemen riding upon horses .
1	wherefore i delivered her into the hand of her lovers , into the hand of the assyrians , upon whom she doted .
1	she doted upon the assyrians , governors and rulers , her neighbors , clothed most gorgeously , horsemen riding upon horses , all of them desirable young men .
1	and i saw that she was defiled ; they both took one way .
1	and she increased her whoredoms ; for she saw men portrayed upon the wall , the images of the chaldeans portrayed with vermilion ,
1	and as soon as she saw them she doted upon them , and sent messengers unto them into chaldea .
1	so she uncovered her whoredoms , and uncovered her nakedness : then my soul was alienated from her , like as my soul was alienated from her sister .
1	yet she multiplied her whoredoms , remembering the days of her youth , wherein she had played the harlot in the land of egypt .
1	and she doted upon their paramours , whose flesh is as the flesh of asses , and whose issue is like the issue of horses .
1	thus thou calledst to remembrance the lewdness of thy youth , in the handling of thy bosom by the egyptians for the breasts of thy youth .
1	they shall also strip thee of thy clothes , and take away thy fair jewels .
1	these things shall be done unto thee , for that thou hast played the harlot after the nations , and because thou art polluted with their idols .
1	thou hast walked in the way of thy sister ; therefore will i give her cup into thy hand .
1	thou shalt be filled with drunkenness and sorrow , with the cup of astonishment and desolation , with the cup of thy sister samaria .
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah : because thou hast forgotten me , and cast me behind thy back , therefore bear thou also thy lewdness and thy whoredoms .
1	jehovah said moreover unto me : son of man , wilt thou judge oholah and oholibah ? then declare unto them their abominations .
1	moreover this they have done unto me : they have defiled my sanctuary in the same day , and have profaned my sabbaths .
1	and sit upon a stately bed , with a table prepared before it , whereupon thou didst set mine incense and mine oil .
1	then said i of her that was old in adulteries , now will they play the harlot with her , and she with them .
1	and they went in unto her , as they go in unto a harlot : so went they in unto oholah and unto oholibah , the lewd women .
1	for thus saith the lord jehovah : i will bring up a company against them , and will give them to be tossed to and fro and robbed .
1	thus will i cause lewdness to cease out of the land , that all women may be taught not to do after your lewdness .
1	and they shall recompense your lewdness upon you , and ye shall bear the sins of your idols ; and ye shall know that i am the lord jehovah .
1	again , in the ninth year , in the tenth month , in the tenth day of the month , the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , write thee the name of the day , even of this selfsame day : the king of babylon drew close unto jerusalem this selfsame day .
1	gather the pieces thereof into it , even every good piece , the thigh , and the shoulder ; fill it with the choice bones .
1	that it may cause wrath to come up to take vengeance , i have set her blood upon the bare rock , that it should not be covered .
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah : woe to the bloody city ! i also will make the pile great .
1	heap on the wood , make the fire hot , boil well the flesh , and make thick the broth , and let the bones be burned .
1	she hath wearied herself with toil ; yet her great rust goeth not forth out of her ; her rust goeth not forth by fire .
1	also the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	so i spake unto the people in the morning ; and at even my wife died ; and i did in the morning as i was commanded .
1	and the people said unto me , wilt thou not tell us what these things are to us , that thou doest so ?
1	then i said unto them , the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and ye shall do as i have done : ye shall not cover your lips , nor eat the bread of men .
1	that in that day he that escapeth shall come unto thee , to cause thee to hear it with thine ears ?
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , set thy face toward the children of ammon , and prophesy against them :
1	and i will make rabbah a stable for camels , and the children of ammon a couching-place for flocks : and ye shall know that i am jehovah .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : because that moab and seir do say , behold , the house of judah is like unto all the nations ;
1	and i will execute judgments upon moab ; and they shall know that i am jehovah .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : because the philistines have dealt by revenge , and have taken vengeance with despite of soul to destroy with perpetual enmity ;
1	and i will execute great vengeance upon them with wrathful rebukes ; and they shall know that i am jehovah , when i shall lay my vengeance upon them .
1	and it came to pass in the eleventh year , in the first day of the month , that the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and her daughters that are in the field shall be slain with the sword : and they shall know that i am jehovah .
1	and he shall set his battering engines against thy walls , and with his axes he shall break down thy towers .
1	and i will cause the noise of thy songs to cease ; and the sound of thy harps shall be no more heard .
1	now shall the isles tremble in the day of thy fall ; yea , the isles that are in the sea shall be dismayed at thy departure .
1	the word of jehovah came again unto me , saying ,
1	and thou , son of man , take up a lamentation over tyre ;
1	thy borders are in the heart of the seas ; thy builders have perfected thy beauty .
1	they have made all thy planks of fir-trees from senir ; they have taken a cedar from lebanon to make a mast for thee .
1	of the oaks of bashan have they made thine oars ; they have made thy benches of ivory inlaid in boxwood , from the isles of kittim .
1	the inhabitants of sidon and arvad were thy rowers : thy wise men , o tyre , were in thee , they were thy pilots .
1	persia and lud and put were in thine army , thy men of war : they hanged the shield and helmet in thee ; they set forth thy comeliness .
1	javan , tubal , and meshech , they were thy traffickers ; they traded the persons of men and vessels of brass for thy merchandise .
1	they of the house of togarmah traded for thy wares with horses and war-horses and mules .
1	the men of dedan were thy traffickers ; many isles were the mart of thy hand : they brought thee in exchange horns of ivory and ebony .
1	vedan and javan traded with yarn for thy wares : bright iron , cassia , and calamus , were among thy merchandise .
1	dedan was thy trafficker in precious cloths for riding .
1	haran and canneh and eden , the traffickers of sheba , asshur and chilmad , were thy traffickers .
1	the ships of tarshish were thy caravans for thy merchandise : and thou wast replenished , and made very glorious in the heart of the seas .
1	thy rowers have brought thee into great waters : the east wind hath broken thee in the heart of the seas .
1	at the sound of the cry of thy pilots the suburbs shall shake .
1	and they shall make themselves bald for thee , and gird them with sackcloth , and they shall weep for thee in bitterness of soul with bitter mourning .
1	all the inhabitants of the isles are astonished at thee , and their kings are horribly afraid ; they are troubled in their countenance .
1	the merchants among the peoples hiss at thee ; thou art become a terror , and thou shalt nevermore have any being .
1	the word of jehovah came again unto me , saying ,
1	behold , thou art wiser than daniel ; there is no secret that is hidden from thee ;
1	by thy wisdom and by thine understanding thou hast gotten thee riches , and hast gotten gold and silver into thy treasures ;
1	by thy great wisdom and by thy traffic hast thou increased thy riches , and thy heart is lifted up because of thy riches ; —
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah : because thou hast set thy heart as the heart of god ,
1	they shall bring thee down to the pit ; and thou shalt die the death of them that are slain , in the heart of the seas .
1	thou shalt die the death of the uncircumcised by the hand of strangers : for i have spoken it , saith the lord jehovah .
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	thou wast perfect in thy ways from the day that thou wast created , till unrighteousness was found in thee .
1	all they that know thee among the peoples shall be astonished at thee : thou art become a terror , and thou shalt nevermore have any being .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , set thy face toward sidon , and prophesy against it ,
1	in the tenth year , in the tenth month , in the twelfth day of the month , the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , set thy face against pharaoh king of egypt , and prophesy against him , and against all egypt ;
1	and all the inhabitants of egypt shall know that i am jehovah , because they have been a staff of reed to the house of israel .
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah : behold , i will bring a sword upon thee , and will cut off from thee man and beast .
1	no foot of man shall pass through it , nor foot of beast shall pass through it , neither shall it be inhabited forty years .
1	for thus saith the lord jehovah : at the end of forty years will i gather the egyptians from the peoples whither they were scattered ;
1	i have given him the land of egypt as his recompense for which he served , because they wrought for me , saith the lord jehovah .
1	the word of jehovah came again unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , prophesy , and say , thus saith the lord jehovah : wail ye , alas for the day !
1	for the day is near , even the day of jehovah is near ; it shall be a day of clouds , a time of the nations .
1	and they shall be desolate in the midst of the countries that are desolate ; and her cities shall be in the midst of the cities that are wasted .
1	and they shall know that i am jehovah , when i have set a fire in egypt , and all her helpers are destroyed .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : i will also make the multitude of egypt to cease , by the hand of nebuchadrezzar king of babylon .
1	and i will make pathros desolate , and will set a fire in zoan , and will execute judgments upon no .
1	and i will pour my wrath upon sin , the stronghold of egypt ; and i will cut off the multitude of no .
1	the young men of aven and of pi-beseth shall fall by the sword ; and these cities shall go into captivity .
1	thus will i execute judgments upon egypt ; and they shall know that i am jehovah .
1	and i will scatter the egyptians among the nations , and will disperse them through the countries .
1	and i will scatter the egyptians among the nations , and disperse them through the countries ; and they shall know that i am jehovah .
1	son of man , say unto pharaoh king of egypt , and to his multitude : whom art thou like in thy greatness ?
1	thus was it fair in its greatness , in the length of its branches ; for its root was by many waters .
1	i made it fair by the multitude of its branches , so that all the trees of eden , that were in the garden of god , envied it .
1	upon his ruin all the birds of the heavens shall dwell , and all the beasts of the field shall be upon his branches ;
1	and i will lay thy flesh upon the mountains , and fill the valleys with thy height .
1	i will also water with thy blood the land wherein thou swimmest , even to the mountains ; and the watercourses shall be full of thee .
1	all the bright lights of heaven will i make dark over thee , and set darkness upon thy land , saith the lord jehovah .
1	i will also vex the hearts of many peoples , when i shall bring thy destruction among the nations , into the countries which thou hast not known .
1	for thus saith the lord jehovah : the sword of the king of babylon shall come upon thee .
1	then will i make their waters clear , and cause their rivers to run like oil , saith the lord jehovah .
1	it came to pass also in the twelfth year , in the fifteenth day of the month , that the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	whom dost thou pass in beauty ? go down , and be thou laid with the uncircumcised .
1	they shall fall in the midst of them that are slain by the sword : she is delivered to the sword ; draw her away and all her multitudes .
1	asshur is there and all her company ; her graves are round about her ; all of them slain , fallen by the sword ;
1	but thou shalt be broken in the midst of the uncircumcised , and shalt lie with them that are slain by the sword .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	if , when he seeth the sword come upon the land , he blow the trumpet , and warn the people ;
1	again , when i say unto the wicked , thou shalt surely die ; if he turn from his sin , and do that which is lawful and right ;
1	none of his sins that he hath committed shall be remembered against him : he hath done that which is lawful and right ; he shall surely live .
1	yet the children of thy people say , the way of the lord is not equal : but as for them , their way is not equal .
1	when the righteous turneth from his righteousness , and committeth iniquity , he shall even die therein .
1	and when the wicked turneth from his wickedness , and doeth that which is lawful and right , he shall live thereby .
1	yet ye say , the way of the lord is not equal . o house of israel , i will judge you every one after his ways .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	ye stand upon your sword , ye work abomination , and ye defile every one his neighbor ’ s wife : and shall ye possess the land ?
1	and when this cometh to pass ( behold , it cometh ) , then shall they know that a prophet hath been among them .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	ye eat the fat , and ye clothe you with the wool , ye kill the fatlings ; but ye feed not the sheep .
1	and they were scattered , because there was no shepherd ; and they became food to all the beasts of the field , and were scattered .
1	therefore , ye shepherds , hear the word of jehovah :
1	therefore , ye shepherds , hear the word of jehovah :
1	for thus saith the lord jehovah : behold , i myself , even i , will search for my sheep , and will seek them out .
1	i myself will be the shepherd of my sheep , and i will cause them to lie down , saith the lord jehovah .
1	and as for you , o my flock , thus saith the lord jehovah : behold , i judge between sheep and sheep , the rams and the he-goats .
1	and as for my sheep , they eat that which ye have trodden with your feet , and they drink that which ye have fouled with your feet .
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah unto them : behold , i , even i , will judge between the fat sheep and the lean sheep .
1	because ye thrust with side and with shoulder , and push all the diseased with your horns , till ye have scattered them abroad ;
1	therefore will i save my flock , and they shall no more be a prey ; and i will judge between sheep and sheep .
1	and i , jehovah , will be their god , and my servant david prince among them ; i , jehovah , have spoken it .
1	and ye my sheep , the sheep of my pasture , are men , and i am your god , saith the lord jehovah .
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	son of man , set thy face against mount seir , and prophesy against it ,
1	i will lay thy cities waste , and thou shalt be desolate ; and thou shalt know that i am jehovah .
1	thus will i make mount seir an astonishment and a desolation ; and i will cut off from it him that passeth through and him that returneth .
1	i will make thee a perpetual desolation , and thy cities shall not be inhabited ; and ye shall know that i am jehovah .
1	because thou hast said , these two nations and these two countries shall be mine , and we will possess it ; whereas jehovah was there :
1	and ye have magnified yourselves against me with your mouth , and have multiplied your words against me : i have heard it .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : when the whole earth rejoiceth , i will make thee desolate .
1	and thou , son of man , prophesy unto the mountains of israel , and say , ye mountains of israel , hear the word of jehovah .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : because the enemy hath said against you , aha ! and , the ancient high places are ours in possession ;
1	therefore thus saith the lord jehovah : i have sworn , saying , surely the nations that are round about you , they shall bear their shame .
1	for , behold , i am for you , and i will turn unto you , and ye shall be tilled and sown ;
1	thus saith the lord jehovah : because they say unto you , thou land art a devourer of men , and hast been a bereaver of thy nation ;
1	therefore thou shalt devour men no more , neither bereave thy nation any more , saith the lord jehovah ;
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	wherefore i poured out my wrath upon them for the blood which they had poured out upon the land , and because they had defiled it with their idols ;
1	and i scattered them among the nations , and they were dispersed through the countries : according to their way and according to their doings i judged them .
1	but i had regard for my holy name , which the house of israel had profaned among the nations , whither they went .
1	for i will take you from among the nations , and gather you out of all the countries , and will bring you into your own land .
1	and i will put my spirit within you , and cause you to walk in my statutes , and ye shall keep mine ordinances , and do them .
1	and ye shall dwell in the land that i gave to your fathers ; and ye shall be my people , and i will be your god .
1	and i will save you from all your uncleannesses : and i will call for the grain , and will multiply it , and lay no famine upon you .
1	and the land that was desolate shall be tilled , whereas it was a desolation in the sight of all that passed by .
1	and he said unto me , son of man , can these bones live ? and i answered , o lord jehovah , thou knowest .
1	again he said unto me , prophesy over these bones , and say unto them , o ye dry bones , hear the word of jehovah .
1	thus saith the lord jehovah unto these bones : behold , i will cause breath to enter into you , and ye shall live .
1	the word of jehovah came again unto me , saying ,
1	and join them for thee one to another into one stick , that they may become one in thy hand .
1	and when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee , saying , wilt thou not show us what thou meanest by these ?
1	and the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thy hand before their eyes .
1	my tabernacle also shall be with them ; and i will be their god , and they shall be my people .
1	and the nations shall know that i am jehovah that sanctifieth israel , when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and say , thus saith the lord jehovah : behold , i am against thee , o gog , prince of rosh , meshech , and tubal :
1	persia , cush , and put with them , all of them with shield and helmet ;
1	gomer , and all his hordes ; the house of togarmah in the uttermost parts of the north , and all his hordes ; even many peoples with thee .
1	be thou prepared , yea , prepare thyself , thou , and all thy companies that are assembled unto thee , and be thou a guard unto them .
1	and i will call for a sword against him unto all my mountains , saith the lord jehovah : every man ’ s sword shall be against his brother .
1	and i will smite thy bow out of thy left hand , and will cause thine arrows to fall out of thy right hand .
1	thou shalt fall upon the open field ; for i have spoken it , saith the lord jehovah .
1	and i will send a fire on magog , and on them that dwell securely in the isles ; and they shall know that i am jehovah .
1	behold , it cometh , and it shall be done , saith the lord jehovah ; this is the day whereof i have spoken .
1	and seven months shall the house of israel be burying them , that they may cleanse the land .
1	and hamonah shall also be the name of a city . thus shall they cleanse the land .
1	and ye shall eat fat till ye be full , and drink blood till ye be drunken , of my sacrifice which i have sacrificed for you .
1	and ye shall be filled at my table with horses and chariots , with mighty men , and with all men of war , saith the lord jehovah .
1	so the house of israel shall know that i am jehovah their god , from that day and forward .
1	according to their uncleanness and according to their transgressions did i unto them ; and i hid my face from them .
1	neither will i hide my face any more from them ; for i have poured out my spirit upon the house of israel , saith the lord jehovah .
1	he measured also the porch of the gate toward the house , one reed .
1	and he measured the breadth of the opening of the gate , ten cubits ; and the length of the gate , thirteen cubits ;
1	he made also posts , threescore cubits ; and the court reached unto the posts , round about the gate .
1	and from the forefront of the gate at the entrance unto the forefront of the inner porch of the gate were fifty cubits .
1	and the pavement was by the side of the gates , answerable unto the length of the gates , even the lower pavement .
1	and the gate of the outer court whose prospect is toward the north , he measured the length thereof and the breadth thereof .
1	and there was a gate to the inner court toward the south : and he measured from gate to gate toward the south a hundred cubits .
1	then he brought me to the inner court by the south gate : and he measured the south gate according to these measures ;
1	and there were arches round about , five and twenty cubits long , and five cubits broad .
1	and the arches thereof were toward the outer court ; and palm-trees were upon the posts thereof : and the ascent to it had eight steps .
1	and he brought me into the inner court toward the east : and he measured the gate according to these measures ;
1	and he brought me to the north gate : and he measured it according to these measures ;
1	and a chamber with the door thereof was by the posts at the gates ; there they washed the burnt-offering .
1	four tables were on this side , and four tables on that side , by the side of the gate ; eight tables , whereupon they slew the sacrifices .
1	and the hooks , a handbreadth long , were fastened within round about : and upon the tables was the flesh of the oblation .
1	and he said unto me , this chamber , whose prospect is toward the south , is for the priests , the keepers of the charge of the house ;
1	and he measured the court , a hundred cubits long , and a hundred cubits broad , foursquare ; and the altar was before the house .
1	then he measured the wall of the house , six cubits ; and the breadth of every side-chamber , four cubits , round about the house on every side .
1	i saw also that the house had a raised basement round about : the foundations of the side-chambers were a full reed of six great cubits .
1	and between the chambers was a breadth of twenty cubits round about the house on every side .
1	so he measured the house , a hundred cubits long ; and the separate place , and the building , with the walls thereof , a hundred cubits long ;
1	also the breadth of the face of the house , and of the separate place toward the east , a hundred cubits .
1	to the space above the door , even unto the inner house , and without , and by all the wall round about within and without , by measure .
1	and it was made with cherubim and palm-trees ; and a palm-tree was between cherub and cherub , and every cherub had two faces ;
1	from the ground unto above the door were cherubim and palm-trees made ; thus was the wall of the temple .
1	as for the temple , the door-posts were squared ; and as for the face of the sanctuary , the appearance thereof was as the appearance of the temple .
1	and the temple and the sanctuary had two doors .
1	and the doors had two leaves apiece , two turning leaves : two leaves for the one door , and two leaves for the other .
1	before the length of a hundred cubits was the north door , and the breadth was fifty cubits .
1	and before the chambers was a walk of ten cubits ’ breadth inward , a way of one cubit ; and their doors were toward the north .
1	now the upper chambers were shorter ; for the galleries took away from these , more than from the lower and the middlemost , in the building .
1	and the wall that was without by the side of the chambers , toward the outer court before the chambers , the length thereof was fifty cubits .
1	for the length of the chambers that were in the outer court was fifty cubits : and , lo , before the temple were a hundred cubits .
1	and from under these chambers was the entry on the east side , as one goeth into them from the outer court .
1	in the thickness of the wall of the court toward the east , before the separate place , and before the building , there were chambers .
1	he measured on the east side with the measuring reed five hundred reeds , with the measuring reed round about .
1	he measured on the north side five hundred reeds with the measuring reed round about .
1	he measured on the south side five hundred reeds with the measuring reed .
1	he turned about to the west side , and measured five hundred reeds with the measuring reed .
1	afterward he brought me to the gate , even the gate that looketh toward the east .
1	and the glory of jehovah came into the house by the way of the gate whose prospect is toward the east .
1	and the spirit took me up , and brought me into the inner court ; and , behold , the glory of jehovah filled the house .
1	and i heard one speaking unto me out of the house ; and a man stood by me .
1	and the upper altar shall be four cubits ; and from the altar hearth and upward there shall be four horns .
1	and the altar hearth shall be twelve cubits long by twelve broad , square in the four sides thereof .
1	thou shalt also take the bullock of the sin-offering , and it shall be burnt in the appointed place of the house , without the sanctuary .
1	when thou hast made an end of cleansing it , thou shalt offer a young bullock without blemish , and a ram out of the flock without blemish .
1	and thou shalt bring them near before jehovah , and the priests shall cast salt upon them , and they shall offer them up for a burnt-offering unto jehovah .
1	seven days shall they make atonement for the altar and purify it ; so shall they consecrate it .
1	then he brought me back by the way of the outer gate of the sanctuary , which looketh toward the east ; and it was shut .
1	and ye have not kept the charge of my holy things ; but ye have set keepers of my charge in my sanctuary for yourselves .
1	but the levites that went far from me , when israel went astray , that went astray from me after their idols , they shall bear their iniquity .
1	yet will i make them keepers of the charge of the house , for all the service thereof , and for all that shall be done therein .
1	they shall enter into my sanctuary , and they shall come near to my table , to minister unto me , and they shall keep my charge .
1	they shall have linen tires upon their heads , and shall have linen breeches upon their loins ; they shall not gird themselves with anything that causeth sweat .
1	neither shall they shave their heads , nor suffer their locks to grow long ; they shall only cut off the hair of their heads .
1	neither shall any of the priests drink wine , when they enter into the inner court .
1	and they shall teach my people the difference between the holy and the common , and cause them to discern between the unclean and the clean .
1	and after he is cleansed , they shall reckon unto him seven days .
1	and they shall have an inheritance : i am their inheritance ; and ye shall give them no possession in israel ; i am their possession .
1	they shall eat the meal-offering , and the sin-offering , and the trespass-offering ; and every devoted thing in israel shall be theirs .
1	the priests shall not eat of anything that dieth of itself , or is torn , whether it be bird or beast .
1	ye shall have just balances , and a just ephah , and a just bath .
1	and the shekel shall be twenty gerahs ; twenty shekels , five and twenty shekels , fifteen shekels , shall be your maneh .
1	all the people of the land shall give unto this oblation for the prince in israel .
1	and upon that day shall the prince prepare for himself and for all the people of the land a bullock for a sin-offering .
1	and he shall prepare a meal-offering , an ephah for a bullock , and an ephah for a ram , and a hin of oil to an ephah .
1	and the people of the land shall worship at the door of that gate before jehovah on the sabbaths and on the new moons .
1	and the burnt-offering that the prince shall offer unto jehovah shall be on the sabbath day six lambs without blemish and a ram without blemish ;
1	and the prince , when they go in , shall go in in the midst of them ; and when they go forth , they shall go forth together .
1	and thou shalt prepare a lamb a year old without blemish for a burnt-offering unto jehovah daily : morning by morning shalt thou prepare it .
1	thus shall they prepare the lamb , and the meal-offering , and the oil , morning by morning , for a continual burnt-offering .
1	in the four corners of the court there were courts inclosed , forty cubits long and thirty broad : these four in the corners were of one measure .
1	and there was a wall round about in them , round about the four , and boiling-places were made under the walls round about .
1	then said he unto me , these are the boiling-houses , where the ministers of the house shall boil the sacrifice of the people .
1	now when i had returned , behold , upon the bank of the river were very many trees on the one side and on the other .
1	but the miry places thereof , and the marshes thereof , shall not be healed ; they shall be given up to salt .
1	hamath , berothah , sibraim , which is between the border of damascus and the border of hamath ; hazer-hatticon , which is by the border of hauran .
1	and the west side shall be the great sea , from the south border as far as over against the entrance of hamath . this is the west side .
1	so shall ye divide this land unto you according to the tribes of israel .
1	and it shall come to pass , that in what tribe the stranger sojourneth , there shall ye give him his inheritance , saith the lord jehovah .
1	and by the border of dan , from the east side unto the west side , asher , one portion .
1	and by the border of asher , from the east side even unto the west side , naphtali , one portion .
1	and by the border of naphtali , from the east side unto the west side , manasseh , one portion .
1	and by the border of manasseh , from the east side unto the west side , ephraim , one portion .
1	and by the border of ephraim , from the east side even unto the west side , reuben , one portion .
1	and by the border of reuben , from the east side unto the west side , judah , one portion .
1	the oblation that ye shall offer unto jehovah shall be five and twenty thousand reeds in length , and ten thousand in breadth .
1	and it shall be unto them an oblation from the oblation of the land , a thing most holy , by the border of the levites .
1	and they shall sell none of it , nor exchange it , nor shall the first-fruits of the land be alienated ; for it is holy unto jehovah .
1	and they that labor in the city , out of all the tribes of israel , shall till it .
1	all the oblation shall be five and twenty thousand by five and twenty thousand : ye shall offer the holy oblation foursquare , with the possession of the city .
1	and as for the rest of the tribes : from the east side unto the west side , benjamin , one portion .
1	and by the border of benjamin , from the east side unto the west side , simeon , one portion .
1	and by the border of simeon , from the east side unto the west side , issachar , one portion .
1	and by the border of issachar , from the east side unto the west side , zebulun , one portion .
1	and by the border of zebulun , from the east side unto the west side , gad , one portion .
1	this is the land which ye shall divide by lot unto the tribes of israel for inheritance , and these are their several portions , saith the lord jehovah .
1	and these are the egresses of the city : on the north side four thousand and five hundred reeds by measure ;
1	it shall be eighteen thousand reeds round about : and the name of the city from that day shall be , jehovah is there .
1	even those did cyrus king of persia bring forth by the hand of mithredath the treasurer , and numbered them unto sheshbazzar , the prince of judah .
1	and this is the number of them : thirty platters of gold , a thousand platters of silver , nine and twenty knives ,
1	thirty bowls of gold , silver bowls of a second sort four hundred and ten , and other vessels a thousand .
1	who came with zerubbabel , jeshua , nehemiah , seraiah , reelaiah , mordecai , bilshan , mispar , bigvai , rehum , baanah .
1	the children of parosh , two thousand a hundred seventy and two .
1	the children of shephatiah , three hundred seventy and two .
1	the children of arah , seven hundred seventy and five .
1	the children of pahath-moab , of the children of jeshua and joab , two thousand eight hundred and twelve .
1	the children of elam , a thousand two hundred fifty and four .
1	the children of zattu , nine hundred forty and five .
1	the children of zaccai , seven hundred and threescore .
1	the children of bani , six hundred forty and two .
1	the children of bebai , six hundred twenty and three .
1	the children of azgad , a thousand two hundred twenty and two .
1	the children of adonikam , six hundred sixty and six .
1	the children of bigvai , two thousand fifty and six .
1	the children of adin , four hundred fifty and four .
1	the children of ater , of hezekiah , ninety and eight .
1	the children of bezai , three hundred twenty and three .
1	the children of jorah , a hundred and twelve .
1	the children of hashum , two hundred twenty and three .
1	the children of gibbar , ninety and five .
1	the children of beth-lehem , a hundred twenty and three .
1	the men of netophah , fifty and six .
1	the men of anathoth , a hundred twenty and eight .
1	the children of azmaveth , forty and two .
1	the children of kiriath-arim , chephirah , and beeroth , seven hundred and forty and three .
1	the children of ramah and geba , six hundred twenty and one .
1	the men of michmas , a hundred twenty and two .
1	the men of beth-el and ai , two hundred twenty and three .
1	the children of nebo , fifty and two .
1	the children of magbish , a hundred fifty and six .
1	the children of the other elam , a thousand two hundred fifty and four .
1	the children of harim , three hundred and twenty .
1	the children of lod , hadid , and ono , seven hundred twenty and five .
1	the children of jericho , three hundred forty and five .
1	the children of senaah , three thousand and six hundred and thirty .
1	the priests : the children of jedaiah , of the house of jeshua , nine hundred seventy and three .
1	the children of immer , a thousand fifty and two .
1	the children of pashhur , a thousand two hundred forty and seven .
1	the children of harim , a thousand and seventeen .
1	the levites : the children of jeshua and kadmiel , of the children of hodaviah , seventy and four .
1	the singers : the children of asaph , a hundred twenty and eight .
1	the nethinim : the children of ziha , the children of hasupha , the children of tabbaoth ,
1	the children of keros , the children of siaha , the children of padon ,
1	the children of lebanah , the children of hagabah , the children of akkub ,
1	the children of hagab , the children of shamlai , the children of hanan ,
1	the children of giddel , the children of gahar , the children of reaiah ,
1	the children of rezin , the children of nekoda , the children of gazzam ,
1	the children of uzza , the children of paseah , the children of besai ,
1	the children of asnah , the children of meunim , the children of nephisim ,
1	the children of bakbuk , the children of hakupha , the children of harhur ,
1	the children of bazluth , the children of mehida , the children of harsha ,
1	the children of barkos , the children of sisera , the children of temah ,
1	the children of neziah , the children of hatipha .
1	the children of solomon ’ s servants : the children of sotai , the children of hassophereth , the children of peruda ,
1	the children of jaalah , the children of darkon , the children of giddel ,
1	the children of shephatiah , the children of hattil , the children of pochereth-hazzebaim , the children of ami .
1	all the nethinim , and the children of solomon ’ s servants , were three hundred ninety and two .
1	the children of delaiah , the children of tobiah , the children of nekoda , six hundred fifty and two .
1	these sought their register among those that were reckoned by genealogy , but they were not found : therefore were they deemed polluted and put from the priesthood .
1	and the governor said unto them , that they should not eat of the most holy things , till there stood up a priest with urim and with thummim .
1	the whole assembly together was forty and two thousand three hundred and threescore ,
1	besides their men-servants and their maid-servants , of whom there were seven thousand three hundred thirty and seven : and they had two hundred singing men and singing women .
1	their horses were seven hundred thirty and six ; their mules , two hundred forty and five ;
1	their camels , four hundred thirty and five ; their asses , six thousand seven hundred and twenty .
1	and when the seventh month was come , and the children of israel were in the cities , the people gathered themselves together as one man to jerusalem .
1	from the first day of the seventh month began they to offer burnt-offerings unto jehovah : but the foundation of the temple of jehovah was not yet laid .
1	now when the adversaries of judah and benjamin heard that the children of the captivity were building a temple unto jehovah , the god of israel ;
1	then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of judah , and troubled them in building ,
1	and hired counsellors against them , to frustrate their purpose , all the days of cyrus king of persia , even until the reign of darius king of persia .
1	and in the reign of ahasuerus , in the beginning of his reign , wrote they an accusation against the inhabitants of judah and jerusalem .
1	rehum the chancellor and shimshai the scribe wrote a letter against jerusalem to artaxerxes the king in this sort :
1	this is the copy of the letter that they sent unto artaxerxes the king : thy servants the men beyond the river , and so forth .
1	we certify the king that , if this city be builded , and the walls finished , by this means thou shalt have no portion beyond the river .
1	the letter which ye sent unto us hath been plainly read before me .
1	make ye now a decree to cause these men to cease , and that this city be not builded , until a decree shall be made by me .
1	and take heed that ye be not slack herein : why should damage grow to the hurt of the kings ?
1	then ceased the work of the house of god which is at jerusalem ; and it ceased until the second year of the reign of darius king of persia .
1	then we told them after this manner , what the names of the men were that were making this building .
1	they sent a letter unto him , wherein was written thus : unto darius the king , all peace .
1	then asked we those elders , and said unto them thus , who gave you a decree to build this house , and to finish this wall ?
1	we asked them their names also , to certify thee , that we might write the names of the men that were at the head of them .
1	but in the first year of cyrus king of babylon , cyrus the king made a decree to build this house of god .
1	then darius the king made a decree , and search was made in the house of the archives , where the treasures were laid up in babylon .
1	and there was found at achmetha , in the palace that is in the province of media , a roll , and therein was thus written for a record :
1	with three courses of great stones , and a course of new timber : and let the expenses be given out of the king ’ s house .
1	now therefore , tattenai , governor beyond the river , shethar-bozenai , and your companions the apharsachites , who are beyond the river , be ye far from thence :
1	that they may offer sacrifices of sweet savor unto the god of heaven , and pray for the life of the king , and of his sons .
1	then tattenai , the governor beyond the river , shethar-bozenai , and their companions , because that darius the king had sent , did accordingly with all diligence .
1	and this house was finished on the third day of the month adar , which was in the sixth year of the reign of darius the king .
1	and the children of the captivity kept the passover upon the fourteenth day of the first month .
1	now after these things , in the reign of artaxerxes king of persia , ezra the son of seraiah , the son of azariah , the son of hilkiah ,
1	the son of shallum , the son of zadok , the son of ahitub ,
1	the son of amariah , the son of azariah , the son of meraioth ,
1	the son of zerahiah , the son of uzzi , the son of bukki ,
1	the son of abishua , the son of phinehas , the son of eleazar , the son of aaron the chief priest—
1	and he came to jerusalem in the fifth month , which was in the seventh year of the king .
1	for ezra had set his heart to seek the law of jehovah , and to do it , and to teach in israel statutes and ordinances .
1	artaxerxes , king of kings , unto ezra the priest , the scribe of the law of the god of heaven , perfect and so forth .
1	and to carry the silver and gold , which the king and his counsellors have freely offered unto the god of israel , whose habitation is in jerusalem ,
1	and the vessels that are given thee for the service of the house of thy god , deliver thou before the god of jerusalem .
1	of the sons of phinehas , gershom . of the sons of ithamar , daniel . of the sons of david , hattush .
1	of the sons of shecaniah , of the sons of parosh , zechariah ; and with him were reckoned by genealogy of the males a hundred and fifty .
1	of the sons of pahath-moab , eliehoenai the son of zerahiah ; and with him two hundred males .
1	of the sons of shecaniah , the son of jahaziel ; and with him three hundred males .
1	and of the sons of adin , ebed the son of jonathan ; and with him fifty males .
1	and of the sons of elam , jeshaiah the son of athaliah ; and with him seventy males .
1	and of the sons of shephatiah , zebadiah the son of michael ; and with him fourscore males .
1	of the sons of joab , obadiah the son of jehiel ; and with him two hundred and eighteen males .
1	and of the sons of shelomith , the son of josiphiah ; and with him a hundred and threescore males .
1	and of the sons of bebai , zechariah the son of bebai ; and with him twenty and eight males .
1	and of the sons of azgad , johanan the son of hakkatan ; and with him a hundred and ten males .
1	and of the sons of bigvai , uthai and zabbud ; and with them seventy males .
1	and hashabiah , and with him jeshaiah of the sons of merari , his brethren and their sons , twenty ;
1	so we fasted and besought our god for this : and he was entreated of us .
1	then i set apart twelve of the chiefs of the priests , even sherebiah , hashabiah , and ten of their brethren with them ,
1	i weighed into their hand six hundred and fifty talents of silver , and silver vessels a hundred talents ; of gold a hundred talents ;
1	and twenty bowls of gold , of a thousand darics ; and two vessels of fine bright brass , precious as gold .
1	and we came to jerusalem , and abode there three days .
1	the whole by number and by weight : and all the weight was written at that time .
1	and now , o our god , what shall we say after this ? for we have forsaken thy commandments ,
1	arise ; for the matter belongeth unto thee , and we are with thee : be of good courage , and do it .
1	and they made proclamation throughout judah and jerusalem unto all the children of the captivity , that they should gather themselves together unto jerusalem ;
1	and ezra the priest stood up , and said unto them , ye have trespassed , and have married foreign women , to increase the guilt of israel .
1	then all the assembly answered and said with a loud voice , as thou hast said concerning us , so must we do .
1	only jonathan the son of asahel and jahzeiah the son of tikvah stood up against this matter : and meshullam and shabbethai the levite helped them .
1	and they made an end with all the men that had married foreign women by the first day of the first month .
1	and they gave their hand that they would put away their wives ; and being guilty , they offered a ram of the flock for their guilt .
1	and of the sons of immer : hanani and zebadiah .
1	and of the sons of harim : maaseiah , and elijah , and shemaiah , and jehiel , and uzziah .
1	and of the sons of pashhur : elioenai , maaseiah , ishmael , nethanel , jozabad , and elasah .
1	and of the levites : jozabad , and shimei , and kelaiah ( the same is kelita ) , pethahiah , judah , and eliezer .
1	and of the singers : eliashib . and of the porters : shallum , and telem , and uri .
1	and of israel : of the sons of parosh : ramiah , and izziah , and malchijah , and mijamin , and eleazar , and malchijah , and benaiah .
1	and of the sons of elam : mattaniah , zechariah , and jehiel , and abdi , and jeremoth , and elijah .
1	and of the sons of zattu : elioenai , eliashib , mattaniah , and jeremoth , and zabad , and aziza .
1	and of the sons of bebai : jehohanan , hananiah , zabbai , athlai .
1	and of the sons of bani : meshullam , malluch , and adaiah , jashub , and sheal , jeremoth .
1	and of the sons of pahath-moab : adna , and chelal , benaiah , maaseiah , mattaniah , bezalel , and binnui , and manasseh .
1	and of the sons of harim : eliezer , isshijah , malchijah , shemaiah , shimeon ,
1	benjamin , malluch , shemariah .
1	of the sons of hashum : mattenai , mattattah , zabad , eliphelet , jeremai , manasseh , shimei .
1	of the sons of bani : maadai , amram , and uel ,
1	benaiah , bedeiah , cheluhi ,
1	vaniah , meremoth , eliashib ,
1	mattaniah , mattenai , and jaasu ,
1	and bani , and binnui , shimei ,
1	and shelemiah , and nathan , and adaiah ,
1	machnadebai , shashai , sharai ,
1	azarel , and shelemiah , shemariah ,
1	shallum , amariah , joseph .
1	of the sons of nebo : jeiel , mattithiah , zabad , zebina , iddo , and joel , benaiah .
1	all these had taken foreign wives ; and some of them had wives by whom they had children .
1	and all the brethren that are with me , unto the churches of galatia :
1	grace to you and peace from god the father , and our lord jesus christ ,
1	who gave himself for our sins , that he might deliver us out of this present evil world , according to the will of our god and father :
1	to whom be the glory for ever and ever . amen .
1	i marvel that ye are so quickly removing from him that called you in the grace of christ unto a different gospel ;
1	which is not another gospel : only there are some that trouble you , and would pervert the gospel of christ .
1	but though we , or an angel from heaven , should preach unto you any gospel other than that which we preached unto you , let him be anathema .
1	for i make known to you , brethren , as touching the gospel which was preached by me , that it is not after man .
1	for neither did i receive it from man , nor was i taught it , but it came to me through revelation of jesus christ .
1	and i advanced in the jews ’ religion beyond many of mine own age among my countrymen , being more exceedingly zealous for the traditions of my fathers .
1	but when it was the good pleasure of god , who separated me , even from my mother ’ s womb , and called me through his grace ,
1	to reveal his son in me , that i might preach him among the gentiles ; straightway i conferred not with flesh and blood :
1	neither went i up to jerusalem to them that were apostles before me : but i went away into arabia ; and again i returned unto damascus .
1	then after three years i went up to jerusalem to visit cephas , and tarried with him fifteen days .
1	but other of the apostles saw i none , save james the lord ’ s brother .
1	now touching the things which i write unto you , behold , before god , i lie not .
1	then i came into the regions of syria and cilicia .
1	and i was still unknown by face unto the churches of judaea which were in christ :
1	but they only heard say , he that once persecuted us now preacheth the faith of which he once made havoc ;
1	and they glorified god in me .
1	then after the space of fourteen years i went up again to jerusalem with barnabas , taking titus also with me .
1	but not even titus who was with me , being a greek , was compelled to be circumcised :
1	to whom we gave place in the way of subjection , no , not for an hour ; that the truth of the gospel might continue with you .
1	but contrariwise , when they saw that i had been intrusted with the gospel of the uncircumcision , even as peter with the gospel of the circumcision
1	( for he that wrought for peter unto the apostleship of the circumcision wrought for me also unto the gentiles ) ;
1	only they would that we should remember the poor ; which very thing i was also zealous to do .
1	but when cephas came to antioch , i resisted him to the face , because he stood condemned .
1	and the rest of the jews dissembled likewise with him ; insomuch that even barnabas was carried away with their dissimulation .
1	we being jews by nature , and not sinners of the gentiles ,
1	but if , while we sought to be justified in christ , we ourselves also were found sinners , is christ a minister of sin ? god forbid .
1	for if i build up again those things which i destroyed , i prove myself a transgressor .
1	for i through the law died unto the law , that i might live unto god .
1	i do not make void the grace of god : for if righteousness is through the law , then christ died for nought .
1	o foolish galatians , who did bewitch you , before whose eyes jesus christ was openly set forth crucified ?
1	this only would i learn from you , received ye the spirit by the works of the law , or by the hearing of faith ?
1	are ye so foolish ? having begun in the spirit , are ye now perfected in the flesh ?
1	did ye suffer so many things in vain ? if it be indeed in vain .
1	even as abraham believed god , and it was reckoned unto him for righteousness .
1	know therefore that they that are of faith , the same are sons of abraham .
1	so then they that are of faith are blessed with the faithful abraham .
1	now that no man is justified by the law before god , is evident : for , the righteous shall live by faith ;
1	and the law is not of faith ; but , he that doeth them shall live in them .
1	that upon the gentiles might come the blessing of abraham in christ jesus ; that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith .
1	for if the inheritance is of the law , it is no more of promise : but god hath granted it to abraham by promise .
1	now a mediator is not a mediator of one ; but god is one .
1	but the scripture shut up all things under sin , that the promise by faith in jesus christ might be given to them that believe .
1	but before faith came , we were kept in ward under the law , shut up unto the faith which should afterwards be revealed .
1	so that the law is become our tutor to bring us unto christ , that we might be justified by faith .
1	but now that faith is come , we are no longer under a tutor .
1	for ye are all sons of god , through faith , in christ jesus .
1	for as many of you as were baptized into christ did put on christ .
1	and if ye are christ ’ s , then are ye abraham ’ s seed , heirs according to promise .
1	but i say that so long as the heir is a child , he differeth nothing from a bondservant though he is lord of all ;
1	but is under guardians and stewards until the day appointed of the father .
1	so we also , when we were children , were held in bondage under the rudiments of the world :
1	but when the fulness of the time came , god sent forth his son , born of a woman , born under the law ,
1	that he might redeem them that were under the law , that we might receive the adoption of sons .
1	and because ye are sons , god sent forth the spirit of his son into our hearts , crying , abba , father .
1	so that thou art no longer a bondservant , but a son ; and if a son , then an heir through god .
1	howbeit at that time , not knowing god , ye were in bondage to them that by nature are no gods :
1	ye observe days , and months , and seasons , and years .
1	i am afraid of you , lest by any means i have bestowed labor upon you in vain .
1	i beseech you , brethren , become as i am , for i also am become as ye are . ye did me no wrong :
1	but ye know that because of an infirmity of the flesh i preached the gospel unto you the first time :
1	so then am i become your enemy , by telling you the truth ?
1	they zealously seek you in no good way ; nay , they desire to shut you out , that ye may seek them .
1	but it is good to be zealously sought in a good matter at all times , and not only when i am present with you .
1	my little children , of whom i am again in travail until christ be formed in you—
1	but i could wish to be present with you now , and to change my tone ; for i am perplexed about you .
1	tell me , ye that desire to be under the law , do ye not hear the law ?
1	for it is written , that abraham had two sons , one by the handmaid , and one by the freewoman .
1	howbeit the son by the handmaid is born after the flesh ; but the son by the freewoman is born through promise .
1	which things contain an allegory : for these women are two covenants ; one from mount sinai , bearing children unto bondage , which is hagar .
1	now this hagar is mount sinai in arabia and answereth to the jerusalem that now is : for she is in bondage with her children .
1	but the jerusalem that is above is free , which is our mother .
1	for it is written ,
1	now we , brethren , as isaac was , are children of promise .
1	but as then he that was born after the flesh persecuted him that was born after the spirit , so also it is now .
1	howbeit what saith the scripture ? cast out the handmaid and her son : for the son of the handmaid shall not inherit with the son of the freewoman .
1	wherefore , brethren , we are not children of a handmaid , but of the freewoman .
1	for freedom did christ set us free : stand fast therefore , and be not entangled again in a yoke of bondage .
1	behold , i paul say unto you , that , if ye receive circumcision , christ will profit you nothing .
1	yea , i testify again to every man that receiveth circumcision , that he is a debtor to do the whole law .
1	ye are severed from christ , ye who would be justified by the law ; ye are fallen away from grace .
1	for we through the spirit by faith wait for the hope of righteousness .
1	for in christ jesus neither circumcision availeth anything , nor uncircumcision ; but faith working through love .
1	ye were running well ; who hindered you that ye should not obey the truth ?
1	this persuasion came not of him that calleth you .
1	a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump .
1	but i , brethren , if i still preach circumcision , why am i still persecuted ? then hath the stumbling-block of the cross been done away .
1	i would that they that unsettle you would even go beyond circumcision .
1	for the whole law is fulfilled in one word , even in this : thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself .
1	but if ye bite and devour one another , take heed that ye be not consumed one of another .
1	but i say , walk by the spirit , and ye shall not fulfil the lust of the flesh .
1	but if ye are led by the spirit , ye are not under the law .
1	now the works of the flesh are manifest , which are these : fornication , uncleanness , lasciviousness ,
1	idolatry , sorcery , enmities , strife , jealousies , wraths , factions , divisions , parties ,
1	but the fruit of the spirit is love , joy , peace , longsuffering , kindness , goodness , faithfulness ,
1	meekness , self-control ; against such there is no law .
1	and they that are of christ jesus have crucified the flesh with the passions and the lusts thereof .
1	if we live by the spirit , by the spirit let us also walk .
1	let us not become vainglorious , provoking one another , envying one another .
1	bear ye one another ’ s burdens , and so fulfil the law of christ .
1	for if a man thinketh himself to be something when he is nothing , he deceiveth himself .
1	but let each man prove his own work , and then shall he have his glorying in regard of himself alone , and not of his neighbor .
1	for each man shall bear his own burden .
1	but let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things .
1	be not deceived ; god is not mocked : for whatsoever a man soweth , that shall he also reap .
1	for he that soweth unto his own flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption ; but he that soweth unto the spirit shall of the spirit reap eternal life .
1	and let us not be weary in well-doing : for in due season we shall reap , if we faint not .
1	see with how large letters i write unto you with mine own hand .
1	for not even they who receive circumcision do themselves keep the law ; but they desire to have you circumcised , that they may glory in your flesh .
1	for neither is circumcision anything , nor uncircumcision , but a new creature .
1	and as many as shall walk by this rule , peace be upon them , and mercy , and upon the israel of god .
1	henceforth let no man trouble me ; for i bear branded on my body the marks of jesus .
1	the grace of our lord jesus christ be with your spirit , brethren . amen .
1	in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth .
1	and god said , let there be light : and there was light .
1	and god saw the light , that it was good : and god divided the light from the darkness .
1	and god called the light day , and the darkness he called night . and there was evening and there was morning , one day .
1	and god said , let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters , and let it divide the waters from the waters .
1	and god made the firmament , and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament : and it was so .
1	and god called the firmament heaven . and there was evening and there was morning , a second day .
1	and god said , let the waters under the heavens be gathered together unto one place , and let the dry land appear : and it was so .
1	and god called the dry land earth ; and the gathering together of the waters called he seas : and god saw that it was good .
1	and there was evening and there was morning , a third day .
1	and let them be for lights in the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth : and it was so .
1	and god set them in the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth ,
1	and to rule over the day and over the night , and to divide the light from the darkness : and god saw that it was good .
1	and there was evening and there was morning , a fourth day .
1	and god said , let the waters swarm with swarms of living creatures , and let birds fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven .
1	and god blessed them , saying , be fruitful , and multiply , and fill the waters in the seas , and let birds multiply on the earth .
1	and there was evening and there was morning , a fifth day .
1	and god created man in his own image , in the image of god created he him ; male and female created he them .
1	and the heavens and the earth were finished , and all the host of them .
1	and on the seventh day god finished his work which he had made ; and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made .
1	and god blessed the seventh day , and hallowed it ; because that in it he rested from all his work which god had created and made .
1	these are the generations of the heavens and of the earth when they were created , in the day that jehovah god made earth and heaven .
1	but there went up a mist from the earth , and watered the whole face of the ground .
1	and jehovah god formed man of the dust of the ground , and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life ; and man became a living soul .
1	and jehovah god planted a garden eastward , in eden ; and there he put the man whom he had formed .
1	and a river went out of eden to water the garden ; and from thence it was parted , and became four heads .
1	the name of the first is pishon : that is it which compasseth the whole land of havilah , where there is gold ;
1	and the gold of that land is good : there is bdellium and the onyx stone .
1	and the name of the second river is gihon : the same is it that compasseth the whole land of cush .
1	and the name of the third river is hiddekel : that is it which goeth in front of assyria . and the fourth river is the euphrates .
1	and jehovah god took the man , and put him into the garden of eden to dress it and to keep it .
1	and jehovah god commanded the man , saying , of every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat :
1	and jehovah god said , it is not good that the man should be alone ; i will make him a help meet for him .
1	and the rib , which jehovah god had taken from the man , made he a woman , and brought her unto the man .
1	therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother , and shall cleave unto his wife : and they shall be one flesh .
1	and they were both naked , the man and his wife , and were not ashamed .
1	and the woman said unto the serpent , of the fruit of the trees of the garden we may eat :
1	and the serpent said unto the woman , ye shall not surely die :
1	and the eyes of them both were opened , and they knew that they were naked ; and they sewed fig-leaves together , and made themselves aprons .
1	and jehovah god called unto the man , and said unto him , where art thou ?
1	and he said , i heard thy voice in the garden , and i was afraid , because i was naked ; and i hid myself .
1	and he said , who told thee that thou wast naked ? hast thou eaten of the tree , whereof i commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat ?
1	and the man said , the woman whom thou gavest to be with me , she gave me of the tree , and i did eat .
1	and jehovah god said unto the woman , what is this thou hast done ? and the woman said , the serpent beguiled me , and i did eat .
1	thorns also and thistles shall it bring forth to thee ; and thou shalt eat the herb of the field ;
1	and the man called his wife ’ s name eve ; because she was the mother of all living .
1	and jehovah god made for adam and for his wife coats of skins , and clothed them .
1	therefore jehovah god sent him forth from the garden of eden , to till the ground from whence he was taken .
1	and the man knew eve his wife ; and she conceived , and bare cain , and said , i have gotten a man with the help of jehovah .
1	and again she bare his brother abel . and abel was a keeper of sheep , but cain was a tiller of the ground .
1	and in process of time it came to pass , that cain brought of the fruit of the ground an offering unto jehovah .
1	and abel , he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof . and jehovah had respect unto abel and to his offering :
1	but unto cain and to his offering he had not respect . and cain was very wroth , and his countenance fell .
1	and jehovah said unto cain , why art thou wroth ? and why is thy countenance fallen ?
1	and jehovah said unto cain , where is abel thy brother ? and he said , i know not : am i my brother ’ s keeper ?
1	and he said , what hast thou done ? the voice of thy brother ’ s blood crieth unto me from the ground .
1	and now cursed art thou from the ground , which hath opened its mouth to receive thy brother ’ s blood from thy hand ;
1	when thou tillest the ground , it shall not henceforth yield unto thee its strength ; a fugitive and a wanderer shalt thou be in the earth .
1	and cain said unto jehovah , my punishment is greater than i can bear .
1	and cain went out from the presence of jehovah , and dwelt in the land of nod , on the east of eden .
1	and unto enoch was born irad : and irad begat mehujael ; and mehujael begat methushael ; and methushael begat lamech .
1	and lamech took unto him two wives : the name of the one was adah , and the name of the other zillah .
1	and adah bare jabal : he was the father of such as dwell in tents and have cattle .
1	and his brother ’ s name was jubal : he was the father of all such as handle the harp and pipe .
1	and zillah , she also bare tubal-cain , the forger of every cutting instrument of brass and iron : and the sister of tubal-cain was naamah .
1	and lamech said unto his wives :
1	if cain shall be avenged sevenfold ,
1	this is the book of the generations of adam . in the day that god created man , in the likeness of god made he him ;
1	male and female created he them , and blessed them , and called their name adam , in the day when they were created .
1	and adam lived a hundred and thirty years , and begat a son in his own likeness , after his image ; and called his name seth :
1	and the days of adam after he begat seth were eight hundred years : and he begat sons and daughters .
1	and all the days that adam lived were nine hundred and thirty years : and he died .
1	and seth lived a hundred and five years , and begat enosh :
1	and seth lived after he begat enosh eight hundred and seven years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of seth were nine hundred and twelve years : and he died .
1	and enosh lived ninety years , and begat kenan .
1	and enosh lived after he begat kenan eight hundred and fifteen years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of enosh were nine hundred and five years : and he died .
1	and kenan lived seventy years , and begat mahalalel :
1	and kenan lived after he begat mahalalel eight hundred and forty years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of kenan were nine hundred and ten years : and he died .
1	and mahalalel lived sixty and five years , and begat jared :
1	and mahalalel lived after he begat jared eight hundred and thirty years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of mahalalel were eight hundred ninety and five years : and he died .
1	and jared lived a hundred sixty and two years , and begat enoch :
1	and jared lived after he begat enoch eight hundred years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of jared were nine hundred sixty and two years : and he died .
1	and enoch lived sixty and five years , and begat methuselah :
1	and enoch walked with god after he begat methuselah three hundred years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of enoch were three hundred sixty and five years :
1	and enoch walked with god : and he was not ; for god took him .
1	and methuselah lived a hundred eighty and seven years , and begat lamech :
1	and methuselah lived after he begat lamech seven hundred eighty and two years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of methuselah were nine hundred sixty and nine years : and he died .
1	and lamech lived a hundred eighty and two years , and begat a son :
1	and lamech lived after he begat noah five hundred ninety and five years , and begat sons and daughters :
1	and all the days of lamech were seven hundred seventy and seven years : and he died .
1	and noah was five hundred years old : and noah begat shem , ham , and japheth .
1	and it came to pass , when men began to multiply on the face of the ground , and daughters were born unto them ,
1	that the sons of god saw the daughters of men that they were fair ; and they took them wives of all that they chose .
1	and jehovah saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth , and that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually .
1	and it repented jehovah that he had made man on the earth , and it grieved him at his heart .
1	but noah found favor in the eyes of jehovah .
1	these are the generations of noah . noah was a righteous man , and perfect in his generations : noah walked with god .
1	and noah begat three sons , shem , ham , and japheth .
1	and the earth was corrupt before god , and the earth was filled with violence .
1	and god saw the earth , and , behold , it was corrupt ; for all flesh had corrupted their way upon the earth .
1	make thee an ark of gopher wood ; rooms shalt thou make in the ark , and shalt pitch it within and without with pitch .
1	thus did noah ; according to all that god commanded him , so did he .
1	and jehovah said unto noah , come thou and all thy house into the ark ; for thee have i seen righteous before me in this generation .
1	of the birds also of the heavens , seven and seven , male and female , to keep seed alive upon the face of all the earth .
1	and noah did according unto all that jehovah commanded him .
1	and noah was six hundred years old when the flood of waters was upon the earth .
1	of clean beasts , and of beasts that are not clean , and of birds , and of everything that creepeth upon the ground ,
1	there went in two and two unto noah into the ark , male and female , as god commanded noah .
1	and it came to pass after the seven days , that the waters of the flood were upon the earth .
1	and the rain was upon the earth forty days and forty nights .
1	and they went in unto noah into the ark , two and two of all flesh wherein is the breath of life .
1	and they that went in , went in male and female of all flesh , as god commanded him : and jehovah shut him in .
1	and the flood was forty days upon the earth ; and the waters increased , and bare up the ark , and it was lifted up above the earth .
1	and the waters prevailed , and increased greatly upon the earth ; and the ark went upon the face of the waters .
1	and the waters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth ; and all the high mountains that were under the whole heaven were covered .
1	fifteen cubits upward did the waters prevail ; and the mountains were covered .
1	all in whose nostrils was the breath of the spirit of life , of all that was on the dry land , died .
1	and the waters prevailed upon the earth a hundred and fifty days .
1	the fountains also of the deep and the windows of heaven were stopped , and the rain from heaven was restrained ;
1	and the waters returned from off the earth continually : and after the end of a hundred and fifty days the waters decreased .
1	and the ark rested in the seventh month , on the seventeenth day of the month , upon the mountains of ararat .
1	and it came to pass at the end of forty days , that noah opened the window of the ark which he had made :
1	and he sent forth a raven , and it went forth to and fro , until the waters were dried up from off the earth .
1	and he sent forth a dove from him , to see if the waters were abated from off the face of the ground ;
1	and he stayed yet other seven days ; and again he sent forth the dove out of the ark ;
1	and he stayed yet other seven days , and sent forth the dove ; and she returned not again unto him any more .
1	and in the second month , on the seven and twentieth day of the month , was the earth dry .
1	and god spake unto noah , saying ,
1	go forth from the ark , thou , and thy wife , and thy sons , and thy sons ’ wives with thee .
1	and noah went forth , and his sons , and his wife , and his sons ’ wives with him :
1	every beast , every creeping thing , and every bird , whatsoever moveth upon the earth , after their families , went forth out of the ark .
1	and noah builded an altar unto jehovah , and took of every clean beast , and of every clean bird , and offered burnt-offerings on the altar .
1	while the earth remaineth , seedtime and harvest , and cold and heat , and summer and winter , and day and night shall not cease .
1	and god blessed noah and his sons , and said unto them , be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth .
1	every moving thing that liveth shall be food for you ; as the green herb have i given you all .
1	but flesh with the life thereof , which is the blood thereof , shall ye not eat .
1	whoso sheddeth man ’ s blood , by man shall his blood be shed : for in the image of god made he man .
1	and you , be ye fruitful , and multiply ; bring forth abundantly in the earth , and multiply therein .
1	and god spake unto noah , and to his sons with him , saying ,
1	and i , behold , i establish my covenant with you , and with your seed after you ;
1	i do set my bow in the cloud , and it shall be for a token of a covenant between me and the earth .
1	and it shall come to pass , when i bring a cloud over the earth , that the bow shall be seen in the cloud ,
1	and god said unto noah , this is the token of the covenant which i have established between me and all flesh that is upon the earth .
1	and the sons of noah , that went forth from the ark , were shem , and ham , and japheth : and ham is the father of canaan .
1	these three were the sons of noah : and of these was the whole earth overspread .
1	and noah began to be a husbandman , and planted a vineyard :
1	and he drank of the wine , and was drunken ; and he was uncovered within his tent .
1	and ham , the father of canaan , saw the nakedness of his father , and told his two brethren without .
1	and noah awoke from his wine , and knew what his youngest son had done unto him .
1	and noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years .
1	and all the days of noah were nine hundred and fifty years : and he died .
1	the sons of japheth : gomer , and magog , and madai , and javan , and tubal , and meshech , and tiras .
1	and the sons of gomer : ashkenaz , and riphath , and togarmah .
1	and the sons of javan : elishah , and tarshish , kittim , and dodanim .
1	of these were the isles of the nations divided in their lands , every one after his tongue , after their families , in their nations .
1	and the sons of ham : cush , and mizraim , and put , and canaan .
1	and cush begat nimrod : he began to be a mighty one in the earth .
1	he was a mighty hunter before jehovah : wherefore it is said , like nimrod a mighty hunter before jehovah .
1	and the beginning of his kingdom was babel , and erech , and accad , and calneh , in the land of shinar .
1	out of that land he went forth into assyria , and builded nineveh , and rehoboth-ir , and calah ,
1	and resen between nineveh and calah ( the same is the great city ) .
1	and mizraim begat ludim , and anamim , and lehabim , and naphtuhim ,
1	and pathrusim , and casluhim ( whence went forth the philistines ) , and caphtorim .
1	and canaan begat sidon his first-born , and heth ,
1	and the jebusite , and the amorite , and the girgashite ,
1	and the hivite , and the arkite , and the sinite ,
1	and the arvadite , and the zemarite , and the hamathite : and afterward were the families of the canaanite spread abroad .
1	these are the sons of ham , after their families , after their tongues , in their lands , in their nations .
1	and unto shem , the father of all the children of eber , the elder brother of japheth , to him also were children born .
1	the sons of shem : elam , and asshur , and arpachshad , and lud , and aram .
1	and the sons of aram : uz , and hul , and gether , and mash .
1	and arpachshad begat shelah ; and shelah begat eber .
1	and joktan begat almodad , and sheleph , and hazarmaveth , and jerah ,
1	and hadoram , and uzal , and diklah ,
1	and obal , and abimael , and sheba ,
1	and ophir , and havilah , and jobab : all these were the sons of joktan .
1	and their dwelling was from mesha , as thou goest toward sephar , the mountain of the east .
1	these are the sons of shem , after their families , after their tongues , in their lands , after their nations .
1	and the whole earth was of one language and of one speech .
1	and it came to pass , as they journeyed east , that they found a plain in the land of shinar ; and they dwelt there .
1	and jehovah came down to see the city and the tower , which the children of men builded .
1	come , let us go down , and there confound their language , that they may not understand one another ’ s speech .
1	so jehovah scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth : and they left off building the city .
1	these are the generations of shem . shem was a hundred years old , and begat arpachshad two years after the flood :
1	and shem lived after he begat arpachshad five hundred years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and arpachshad lived five and thirty years , and begat shelah :
1	and arpachshad lived after he begat shelah four hundred and three years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and shelah lived thirty years , and begat eber :
1	and shelah lived after he begat eber four hundred and three years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and eber lived four and thirty years , and begat peleg :
1	and eber lived after he begat peleg four hundred and thirty years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and peleg lived thirty years , and begat reu :
1	and peleg lived after he begat reu two hundred and nine years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and reu lived two and thirty years , and begat serug :
1	and reu lived after he begat serug two hundred and seven years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and serug lived thirty years , and begat nahor :
1	and serug lived after he begat nahor two hundred years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and nahor lived nine and twenty years , and begat terah :
1	and nahor lived after he begat terah a hundred and nineteen years , and begat sons and daughters .
1	and terah lived seventy years , and begat abram , nahor , and haran .
1	now these are the generations of terah . terah begat abram , nahor , and haran ; and haran begat lot .
1	and haran died before his father terah in the land of his nativity , in ur of the chaldees .
1	and sarai was barren ; she had no child .
1	and the days of terah were two hundred and five years : and terah died in haran .
1	and i will make of thee a great nation , and i will bless thee , and make thy name great ; and be thou a blessing :
1	and abram passed through the land unto the place of shechem , unto the oak of moreh . and the canaanite was then in the land .
1	and abram journeyed , going on still toward the south .
1	and there was a famine in the land : and abram went down into egypt to sojourn there ; for the famine was sore in the land .
1	and it came to pass , that , when abram was come into egypt , the egyptians beheld the woman that she was very fair .
1	and the princes of pharaoh saw her , and praised her to pharaoh : and the woman was taken into pharaoh ’ s house .
1	and jehovah plagued pharaoh and his house with great plagues because of sarai , abram ’ s wife .
1	and pharaoh called abram , and said , what is this that thou hast done unto me ? why didst thou not tell me that she was thy wife ?
1	and pharaoh gave men charge concerning him : and they brought him on the way , and his wife , and all that he had .
1	and abram went up out of egypt , he , and his wife , and all that he had , and lot with him , into the south .
1	and abram was very rich in cattle , in silver , and in gold .
1	and he went on his journeys from the south even to beth-el , unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning , between beth-el and ai ,
1	unto the place of the altar , which he had made there at the first : and there abram called on the name of jehovah .
1	and lot also , who went with abram , had flocks , and herds , and tents .
1	and the land was not able to bear them , that they might dwell together : for their substance was great , so that they could not dwell together .
1	so lot chose him all the plain of the jordan ; and lot journeyed east : and they separated themselves the one from the other .
1	abram dwelt in the land of canaan , and lot dwelt in the cities of the plain , and moved his tent as far as sodom .
1	now the men of sodom were wicked and sinners against jehovah exceedingly .
1	for all the land which thou seest , to thee will i give it , and to thy seed for ever .
1	arise , walk through the land in the length of it and in the breadth of it ; for unto thee will i give it .
1	and abram moved his tent , and came and dwelt by the oaks of mamre , which are in hebron , and built there an altar unto jehovah .
1	and it came to pass in the days of amraphel king of shinar , arioch king of ellasar , chedorlaomer king of elam , and tidal king of goiim ,
1	all these joined together in the vale of siddim ( the same is the salt sea ) .
1	twelve years they served chedorlaomer , and in the thirteenth year they rebelled .
1	and the horites in their mount seir , unto el-paran , which is by the wilderness .
1	against chedorlaomer king of elam , and tidal king of goiim , and amraphel king of shinar , and arioch king of ellasar ; four kings against the five .
1	and they took all the goods of sodom and gomorrah , and all their victuals , and went their way .
1	and they took lot , abram ’ s brother ’ s son , who dwelt in sodom , and his goods , and departed .
1	and he brought back all the goods , and also brought back his brother lot , and his goods , and the women also , and the people .
1	and melchizedek king of salem brought forth bread and wine : and he was priest of god most high .
1	and he blessed him , and said , blessed be abram of god most high , possessor of heaven and earth :
1	and blessed be god most high , who hath delivered thine enemies into thy hand . and he gave him a tenth of all .
1	and the king of sodom said unto abram , give me the persons , and take the goods to thyself .
1	and abram said to the king of sodom , i have lifted up my hand unto jehovah , god most high , possessor of heaven and earth ,
1	that i will not take a thread nor a shoe-latchet nor aught that is thine , lest thou shouldest say , i have made abram rich :
1	and abram said , behold , to me thou hast given no seed : and , lo , one born in my house is mine heir .
1	and he believed in jehovah ; and he reckoned it to him for righteousness .
1	and he said unto him , i am jehovah that brought thee out of ur of the chaldees , to give thee this land to inherit it .
1	and he said , o lord jehovah , whereby shall i know that i shall inherit it ?
1	and he took him all these , and divided them in the midst , and laid each half over against the other : but the birds divided he not .
1	and the birds of prey came down upon the carcasses , and abram drove them away .
1	and when the sun was going down , a deep sleep fell upon abram ; and , lo , a horror of great darkness fell upon him .
1	and also that nation , whom they shall serve , will i judge : and afterward shall they come out with great substance .
1	but thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace ; thou shalt be buried in a good old age .
1	and in the fourth generation they shall come hither again : for the iniquity of the amorite is not yet full .
1	the kenite , and the kenizzite , and the kadmonite ,
1	and the hittite , and the perizzite , and the rephaim ,
1	and the amorite , and the canaanite , and the girgashite , and the jebusite .
1	now sarai , abram ’ s wife , bare him no children : and she had a handmaid , an egyptian , whose name was hagar .
1	and he went in unto hagar , and she conceived : and when she saw that she had conceived , her mistress was despised in her eyes .
1	and the angel of jehovah found her by a fountain of water in the wilderness , by the fountain in the way to shur .
1	and the angel of jehovah said unto her , return to thy mistress , and submit thyself under her hands .
1	and the angel of jehovah said unto her , i will greatly multiply thy seed , that it shall not be numbered for multitude .
1	wherefore the well was called beer-lahai-roi ; behold , it is between kadesh and bered .
1	and hagar bare abram a son : and abram called the name of his son , whom hagar bare , ishmael .
1	and abram was fourscore and six years old , when hagar bare ishmael to abram .
1	and i will make my covenant between me and thee , and will multiply thee exceedingly .
1	and abram fell on his face : and god talked with him , saying ,
1	as for me , behold , my covenant is with thee , and thou shalt be the father of a multitude of nations .
1	neither shall thy name any more be called abram , but thy name shall be abraham ; for the father of a multitude of nations have i made thee .
1	and i will make thee exceeding fruitful , and i will make nations of thee , and kings shall come out of thee .
1	and god said unto abraham , and as for thee , thou shalt keep my covenant , thou , and thy seed after thee throughout their generations .
1	this is my covenant , which ye shall keep , between me and you and thy seed after thee : every male among you shall be circumcised .
1	and ye shall be circumcised in the flesh of your foreskin ; and it shall be a token of a covenant betwixt me and you .
1	and god said unto abraham , as for sarai thy wife , thou shalt not call her name sarai , but sarah shall her name be .
1	and abraham said unto god , oh that ishmael might live before thee !
1	but my covenant will i establish with isaac , whom sarah shall bear unto thee at this set time in the next year .
1	and he left off talking with him , and god went up from abraham .
1	and abraham was ninety years old and nine , when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
1	and ishmael his son was thirteen years old , when he was circumcised in the flesh of his foreskin .
1	in the selfsame day was abraham circumcised , and ishmael his son .
1	and all the men of his house , those born in the house , and those bought with money of a foreigner , were circumcised with him .
1	and jehovah appeared unto him by the oaks of mamre , as he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day ;
1	and said , my lord , if now i have found favor in thy sight , pass not away , i pray thee , from thy servant :
1	let now a little water be fetched , and wash your feet , and rest yourselves under the tree :
1	and abraham hastened into the tent unto sarah , and said , make ready quickly three measures of fine meal , knead it , and make cakes .
1	and abraham ran unto the herd , and fetched a calf tender and good , and gave it unto the servant ; and he hasted to dress it .
1	and they said unto him , where is sarah thy wife ? and he said , behold , in the tent .
1	now abraham and sarah were old , and well stricken in age ; it had ceased to be with sarah after the manner of women .
1	and sarah laughed within herself , saying , after i am waxed old shall i have pleasure , my lord being old also ?
1	and jehovah said unto abraham , wherefore did sarah laugh , saying , shall i of a surety bear a child , who am old ?
1	is anything too hard for jehovah ? at the set time i will return unto thee , when the season cometh round , and sarah shall have a son .
1	then sarah denied , saying , i laughed not ; for she was afraid . and he said , nay ; but thou didst laugh .
1	and the men rose up from thence , and looked toward sodom : and abraham went with them to bring them on the way .
1	and jehovah said , shall i hide from abraham that which i do ;
1	seeing that abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation , and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him ?
1	and jehovah said , because the cry of sodom and gomorrah is great , and because their sin is very grievous ;
1	and the men turned from thence , and went toward sodom : but abraham stood yet before jehovah .
1	and abraham drew near , and said , wilt thou consume the righteous with the wicked ?
1	peradventure there are fifty righteous within the city : wilt thou consume and not spare the place for the fifty righteous that are therein ?
1	and jehovah said , if i find in sodom fifty righteous within the city , then i will spare all the place for their sake .
1	and abraham answered and said , behold now , i have taken upon me to speak unto the lord , who am but dust and ashes :
1	and jehovah went his way , as soon as he had left off communing with abraham : and abraham returned unto his place .
1	and lot went out unto them to the door , and shut the door after him .
1	and he said , i pray you , my brethren , do not so wickedly .
1	but the men put forth their hand , and brought lot into the house to them , and shut to the door .
1	for we will destroy this place , because the cry of them is waxed great before jehovah ; and jehovah hath sent us to destroy it .
1	and lot said unto them , oh , not so , my lord :
1	and he said unto him , see , i have accepted thee concerning this thing also , that i will not overthrow the city of which thou hast spoken .
1	haste thee , escape thither ; for i can not do anything till thou be come thither . therefore the name of the city was called zoar .
1	the sun was risen upon the earth when lot came unto zoar .
1	then jehovah rained upon sodom and upon gomorrah brimstone and fire from jehovah out of heaven ;
1	and he overthrew those cities , and all the plain , and all the inhabitants of the cities , and that which grew upon the ground .
1	but his wife looked back from behind him , and she became a pillar of salt .
1	and abraham gat up early in the morning to the place where he had stood before jehovah :
1	come , let us make our father drink wine , and we will lie with him , that we may preserve seed of our father .
1	thus were both the daughters of lot with child by their father .
1	and the first-born bare a son , and called his name moab : the same is the father of the moabites unto this day .
1	and the younger , she also bare a son , and called his name ben-ammi : the same is the father of the children of ammon unto this day .
1	and abraham journeyed from thence toward the land of the south , and dwelt between kadesh and shur ; and he sojourned in gerar .
1	and abraham said of sarah his wife , she is my sister : and abimelech king of gerar sent , and took sarah .
1	now abimelech had not come near her : and he said , lord , wilt thou slay even a righteous nation ?
1	and abimelech rose early in the morning , and called all his servants , and told all these things in their ears : and the men were sore afraid .
1	and abimelech said unto abraham , what sawest thou , that thou hast done this thing ?
1	and moreover she is indeed my sister , the daughter of my father , but not the daughter of my mother ; and she became my wife :
1	and abimelech took sheep and oxen , and men-servants and women-servants , and gave them unto abraham , and restored him sarah his wife .
1	and abimelech said , behold , my land is before thee : dwell where it pleaseth thee .
1	and abraham prayed unto god : and god healed abimelech , and his wife , and his maid-servants ; and they bare children .
1	for jehovah had fast closed up all the wombs of the house of abimelech , because of sarah , abraham ’ s wife .
1	and jehovah visited sarah as he had said , and jehovah did unto sarah as he had spoken .
1	and sarah conceived , and bare abraham a son in his old age , at the set time of which god had spoken to him .
1	and abraham called the name of his son that was born unto him , whom sarah bare to him , isaac .
1	and abraham circumcised his son isaac when he was eight days old , as god had commanded him .
1	and abraham was a hundred years old , when his son isaac was born unto him .
1	and sarah said , god hath made me to laugh ; every one that heareth will laugh with me .
1	and she said , who would have said unto abraham , that sarah should give children suck ? for i have borne him a son in his old age .
1	and the child grew , and was weaned : and abraham made a great feast on the day that isaac was weaned .
1	and sarah saw the son of hagar the egyptian , whom she had borne unto abraham , mocking .
1	and the thing was very grievous in abraham ’ s sight on account of his son .
1	and also of the son of the handmaid will i make a nation , because he is thy seed .
1	and the water in the bottle was spent , and she cast the child under one of the shrubs .
1	arise , lift up the lad , and hold him in thy hand ; for i will make him a great nation .
1	and god was with the lad , and he grew ; and he dwelt in the wilderness , and became , as he grew up , an archer .
1	and he dwelt in the wilderness of paran : and his mother took him a wife out of the land of egypt .
1	and abraham said , i will swear .
1	and abraham reproved abimelech because of the well of water , which abimelech ’ s servants had violently taken away .
1	and abimelech said , i know not who hath done this thing : neither didst thou tell me , neither yet heard i of it , but to-day .
1	and abraham took sheep and oxen , and gave them unto abimelech ; and they two made a covenant .
1	and abraham set seven ewe lambs of the flock by themselves .
1	and abimelech said unto abraham , what mean these seven ewe lambs which thou hast set by themselves ?
1	wherefore he called that place beer-sheba ; because there they sware both of them .
1	and abraham planted a tamarisk tree in beer-sheba , and called there on the name of jehovah , the everlasting god .
1	and abraham sojourned in the land of the philistines many days .
1	and it came to pass after these things , that god did prove abraham , and said unto him , abraham ; and he said , here am i .
1	on the third day abraham lifted up his eyes , and saw the place afar off .
1	and abraham said , god will provide himself the lamb for a burnt-offering , my son : so they went both of them together .
1	and abraham stretched forth his hand , and took the knife to slay his son .
1	and the angel of jehovah called unto him out of heaven , and said , abraham , abraham : and he said , here am i .
1	and abraham called the name of that place jehovah-jireh : as it is said to this day , in the mount of jehovah it shall be provided .
1	and the angel of jehovah called unto abraham a second time out of heaven ,
1	and said , by myself have i sworn , saith jehovah , because thou hast done this thing , and hast not withheld thy son , thine only son ,
1	and in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed ; because thou hast obeyed my voice .
1	so abraham returned unto his young men , and they rose up and went together to beer-sheba ; and abraham dwelt at beer-sheba .
1	uz his first-born , and buz his brother , and kemuel the father of aram ,
1	and chesed , and hazo , and pildash , and jidlaph , and bethuel .
1	and bethuel begat rebekah : these eight did milcah bear to nahor , abraham ’ s brother .
1	and his concubine , whose name was reumah , she also bare tebah , and gaham , and tahash , and maacah .
1	and the life of sarah was a hundred and seven and twenty years : these were the years of the life of sarah .
1	and abraham rose up from before his dead , and spake unto the children of heth , saying ,
1	and the children of heth answered abraham , saying unto him ,
1	and abraham rose up , and bowed himself to the people of the land , even to the children of heth .
1	and abraham bowed himself down before the people of the land .
1	and ephron answered abraham , saying unto him ,
1	unto abraham for a possession in the presence of the children of heth , before all that went in at the gate of his city .
1	and the field , and the cave that is therein , were made sure unto abraham for a possession of a burying-place by the children of heth .
1	and abraham was old , and well stricken in age : and jehovah had blessed abraham in all things .
1	but thou shalt go unto my country , and to my kindred , and take a wife for my son isaac .
1	and abraham said unto him , beware thou that thou bring not my son thither again .
1	and the servant put his hand under the thigh of abraham his master , and sware to him concerning this matter .
1	behold , i am standing by the fountain of water ; and the daughters of the men of the city are coming out to draw water :
1	and the servant ran to meet her , and said , give me to drink , i pray thee , a little water from thy pitcher .
1	and she said , drink , my lord : and she hasted , and let down her pitcher upon her hand , and gave him drink .
1	and when she had done giving him drink , she said , i will draw for thy camels also , until they have done drinking .
1	and she hasted , and emptied her pitcher into the trough , and ran again unto the well to draw , and drew for all his camels .
1	and the man looked stedfastly on her , holding his peace , to know whether jehovah had made his journey prosperous or not .
1	and said , whose daughter art thou ? tell me , i pray thee . is there room in thy father ’ s house for us to lodge in ?
1	and she said unto him , i am the daughter of bethuel the son of milcah , whom she bare unto nahor .
1	she said moreover unto him , we have both straw and provender enough , and room to lodge in .
1	and the man bowed his head , and worshipped jehovah .
1	and the damsel ran , and told her mother ’ s house according to these words .
1	and rebekah had a brother , and his name was laban : and laban ran out unto the man , unto the fountain .
1	and he said , come in , thou blessed of jehovah ; wherefore standest thou without ? for i have prepared the house , and room for the camels .
1	and he said , i am abraham ’ s servant .
1	and sarah my master ’ s wife bare a son to my master when she was old : and unto him hath he given all that he hath .
1	but thou shalt go unto my father ’ s house , and to my kindred , and take a wife for my son .
1	and i said unto my master , peradventure the woman will not follow me .
1	then laban and bethuel answered and said , the thing proceedeth from jehovah : we can not speak unto thee bad or good .
1	and it came to pass , that , when abraham ’ s servant heard their words , he bowed himself down to the earth unto jehovah .
1	and her brother and her mother said , let the damsel abide with us a few days , at the least ten ; after that she shall go .
1	and he said unto them , hinder me not , seeing jehovah hath prospered my way ; send me away that i may go to my master .
1	and they said , we will call the damsel , and inquire at her mouth .
1	and they called rebekah , and said unto her , wilt thou go with this man ? and she said , i will go .
1	and they sent away rebekah their sister , and her nurse , and abraham ’ s servant , and his men .
1	and isaac came from the way of beer-lahai-roi ; for he dwelt in the land of the south .
1	and rebekah lifted up her eyes , and when she saw isaac , she alighted from the camel .
1	and the servant told isaac all the things that he had done .
1	and abraham took another wife , and her name was keturah .
1	and she bare him zimran , and jokshan , and medan , and midian , and ishbak , and shuah .
1	and jokshan begat sheba , and dedan . and the sons of dedan were asshurim , and letushim , and leummim .
1	and the sons of midian : ephah , and epher , and hanoch , and abida , and eldaah . all these were the children of keturah .
1	and abraham gave all that he had unto isaac .
1	and these are the days of the years of abraham ’ s life which he lived , a hundred threescore and fifteen years .
1	the field which abraham purchased of the children of heth : there was abraham buried , and sarah his wife .
1	and it came to pass after the death of abraham , that god blessed isaac his son : and isaac dwelt by beer-lahai-roi .
1	now these are the generations of ishmael , abraham ’ s son , whom hagar the egyptian , sarah ’ s handmaid , bare unto abraham :
1	and mishma , and dumah , and massa ,
1	hadad , and tema , jetur , naphish , and kedemah :
1	these are the sons of ishmael , and these are their names , by their villages , and by their encampments ; twelve princes according to their nations .
1	and they dwelt from havilah unto shur that is before egypt , as thou goest toward assyria : he abode over against all his brethren .
1	and these are the generations of isaac , abraham ’ s son : abraham begat isaac :
1	and isaac entreated jehovah for his wife , because she was barren : and jehovah was entreated of him , and rebekah his wife conceived .
1	and the children struggled together within her ; and she said , if it be so , wherefore do i live ? and she went to inquire of jehovah .
1	and jehovah said unto her ,
1	and when her days to be delivered were fulfilled , behold , there were twins in her womb .
1	and the first came forth red , all over like a hairy garment ; and they called his name esau .
1	and the boys grew : and esau was a skilful hunter , a man of the field ; and jacob was a quiet man , dwelling in tents .
1	now isaac loved esau , because he did eat of his venison : and rebekah loved jacob .
1	and jacob boiled pottage : and esau came in from the field , and he was faint :
1	and jacob said , sell me first thy birthright .
1	and esau said , behold , i am about to die : and what profit shall the birthright do to me ?
1	and jacob said , swear to me first ; and he sware unto him : and he sold his birthright unto jacob .
1	and jehovah appeared unto him , and said , go not down into egypt ; dwell in the land which i shall tell thee of :
1	because that abraham obeyed my voice , and kept my charge , my commandments , my statutes , and my laws .
1	and isaac dwelt in gerar :
1	and abimelech charged all the people , saying , he that toucheth this man or his wife shall surely be put to death .
1	and isaac sowed in that land , and found in the same year a hundredfold : and jehovah blessed him .
1	and the man waxed great , and grew more and more until he became very great :
1	and he had possessions of flocks , and possessions of herds , and a great household : and the philistines envied him .
1	now all the wells which his father ’ s servants had digged in the days of abraham his father , the philistines had stopped , and filled with earth .
1	and abimelech said unto isaac , go from us ; for thou art much mightier than we .
1	and isaac departed thence , and encamped in the valley of gerar , and dwelt there .
1	and isaac ’ s servants digged in the valley , and found there a well of springing water .
1	and they digged another well , and they strove for that also : and he called the name of it sitnah .
1	and he went up from thence to beer-sheba .
1	then abimelech went to him from gerar , and ahuzzath his friend , and phicol the captain of his host .
1	and isaac said unto them , wherefore are ye come unto me , seeing ye hate me , and have sent me away from you ?
1	and he made them a feast , and they did eat and drink .
1	and they rose up betimes in the morning , and sware one to another : and isaac sent them away , and they departed from him in peace .
1	and he called it shibah : therefore the name of the city is beer-sheba unto this day .
1	and when esau was forty years old he took to wife judith the daughter of beeri the hittite , and basemath the daughter of elon the hittite :
1	and they were a grief of mind unto isaac and to rebekah .
1	and he said , behold now , i am old , i know not the day of my death .
1	now therefore take , i pray thee , thy weapons , thy quiver and thy bow , and go out to the field , and take me venison ;
1	and rebekah heard when isaac spake to esau his son . and esau went to the field to hunt for venison , and to bring it .
1	and rebekah spake unto jacob her son , saying , behold , i heard thy father speak unto esau thy brother , saying ,
1	bring me venison , and make me savory food , that i may eat , and bless thee before jehovah before my death .
1	now therefore , my son , obey my voice according to that which i command thee .
1	and thou shalt bring it to thy father , that he may eat , so that he may bless thee before his death .
1	and jacob said to rebekah his mother , behold , esau my brother is a hairy man , and i am a smooth man .
1	and his mother said unto him , upon me be thy curse , my son ; only obey my voice , and go fetch me them .
1	and he went , and fetched , and brought them to his mother : and his mother made savory food , such as his father loved .
1	and rebekah took the goodly garments of esau her elder son , which were with her in the house , and put them upon jacob her younger son ;
1	and she put the skins of the kids of the goats upon his hands , and upon the smooth of his neck :
1	and she gave the savory food and the bread , which she had prepared , into the hand of her son jacob .
1	and he came unto his father , and said , my father : and he said , here am i ; who art thou , my son ?
1	and he discerned him not , because his hands were hairy , as his brother esau ’ s hands : so he blessed him .
1	and he said , art thou my very son esau ? and he said , i am .
1	and his father isaac said unto him , come near now , and kiss me , my son .
1	and he came near , and kissed him : and he smelled the smell of his raiment , and blessed him , and said ,
1	and god give thee of the dew of heaven ,
1	let peoples serve thee ,
1	and isaac his father said unto him , who art thou ? and he said , i am thy son , thy first-born , esau .
1	and he said , thy brother came with guile , and hath taken away thy blessing .
1	and isaac his father answered and said unto him ,
1	and by thy sword shalt thou live , and thou shalt serve thy brother ;
1	now therefore , my son , obey my voice ; and arise , flee thou to laban my brother to haran ;
1	and tarry with him a few days , until thy brother ’ s fury turn away ;
1	and isaac called jacob , and blessed him , and charged him , and said unto him , thou shalt not take a wife of the daughters of canaan .
1	and god almighty bless thee , and make thee fruitful , and multiply thee , that thou mayest be a company of peoples ;
1	and that jacob obeyed his father and his mother , and was gone to paddan-aram :
1	and esau saw that the daughters of canaan pleased not isaac his father ;
1	and jacob went out from beer-sheba , and went toward haran .
1	and jacob awaked out of his sleep , and he said , surely jehovah is in this place ; and i knew it not .
1	and he called the name of that place beth-el : but the name of the city was luz at the first .
1	so that i come again to my father ’ s house in peace , and jehovah will be my god ,
1	then jacob went on his journey , and came to the land of the children of the east .
1	and jacob said unto them , my brethren , whence are ye ? and they said , of haran are we .
1	and he said unto them , know ye laban the son of nahor ? and they said , we know him .
1	while he was yet speaking with them , rachel came with her father ’ s sheep ; for she kept them .
1	and jacob kissed rachel , and lifted up his voice , and wept .
1	and jacob told rachel that he was her father ’ s brother , and that he was rebekah ’ s son : and she ran and told her father .
1	and laban said to him , surely thou art my bone and my flesh . and he abode with him the space of a month .
1	and laban said unto jacob , because thou art my brother , shouldest thou therefore serve me for nought ? tell me , what shall thy wages be ?
1	and laban had two daughters : the name of the elder was leah , and the name of the younger was rachel .
1	and leah ’ s eyes were tender ; but rachel was beautiful and well-favored .
1	and jacob loved rachel ; and he said , i will serve thee seven years for rachel thy younger daughter .
1	and laban said , it is better that i give her to thee , than that i should give her to another man : abide with me .
1	and jacob served seven years for rachel ; and they seemed unto him but a few days , for the love he had to her .
1	and jacob said unto laban , give me my wife , for my days are fulfilled , that i may go in unto her .
1	and laban gathered together all the men of the place , and made a feast .
1	and it came to pass in the evening , that he took leah his daughter , and brought her to him ; and he went in unto her .
1	and laban gave zilpah his handmaid unto his daughter leah for a handmaid .
1	and laban said , it is not so done in our place , to give the younger before the first-born .
1	fulfil the week of this one , and we will give thee the other also for the service which thou shalt serve with me yet seven other years .
1	and jacob did so , and fulfilled her week : and he gave him rachel his daughter to wife .
1	and laban gave to rachel his daughter bilhah his handmaid to be her handmaid .
1	and he went in also unto rachel , and he loved also rachel more than leah , and served with him yet seven other years .
1	and jehovah saw that leah was hated , and he opened her womb : but rachel was barren .
1	and she gave him bilhah her handmaid to wife : and jacob went in unto her .
1	and bilhah conceived , and bare jacob a son .
1	and rachel said , god hath judged me , and hath also heard my voice , and hath given me a son : therefore called she his name dan .
1	and bilhah rachel ’ s handmaid conceived again , and bare jacob a second son .
1	and rachel said , with mighty wrestlings have i wrestled with my sister , and have prevailed : and she called his name naphtali .
1	when leah saw that she had left off bearing , she took zilpah her handmaid , and gave her to jacob to wife .
1	and zilpah leah ’ s handmaid bare jacob a son .
1	and leah said , fortunate ! and she called his name gad .
1	and zilpah leah ’ s handmaid bare jacob a second son .
1	and leah said , happy am i ! for the daughters will call me happy : and she called his name asher .
1	and god hearkened unto leah , and she conceived , and bare jacob a fifth son .
1	and leah said , god hath given me my hire , because i gave my handmaid to my husband : and she called his name issachar .
1	and leah conceived again , and bare a sixth son to jacob .
1	and afterwards she bare a daughter , and called her name dinah .
1	and god remembered rachel , and god hearkened to her , and opened her womb .
1	and she conceived , and bare a son : and said , god hath taken away my reproach :
1	and she called his name joseph , saying , jehovah add to me another son .
1	give me my wives and my children for whom i have served thee , and let me go : for thou knowest my service wherewith i have served thee .
1	and he said , appoint me thy wages , and i will give it .
1	and he said unto him , thou knowest how i have served thee , and how thy cattle have fared with me .
1	and laban said , behold , i would it might be according to thy word .
1	and he set three days ’ journey betwixt himself and jacob : and jacob fed the rest of laban ’ s flocks .
1	and the flocks conceived before the rods , and the flocks brought forth ringstreaked , speckled , and spotted .
1	but when the flock were feeble , he put them not in : so the feebler were laban ’ s , and the stronger jacob ’ s .
1	and the man increased exceedingly , and had large flocks , and maid-servants and men-servants , and camels and asses .
1	and jacob beheld the countenance of laban , and , behold , it was not toward him as beforetime .
1	and jehovah said unto jacob , return unto the land of thy fathers , and to thy kindred ; and i will be with thee .
1	and jacob sent and called rachel and leah to the field unto his flock ,
1	and ye know that with all my power i have served your father .
1	and your father hath deceived me , and changed my wages ten times ; but god suffered him not to hurt me .
1	thus god hath taken away the cattle of your father , and given them to me .
1	and the angel of god said unto me in the dream , jacob : and i said , here am i .
1	and rachel and leah answered and said unto him , is there yet any portion or inheritance for us in our father ’ s house ?
1	are we not accounted by him as foreigners ? for he hath sold us , and hath also quite devoured our money .
1	then jacob rose up , and set his sons and his wives upon the camels ;
1	now laban was gone to shear his sheep : and rachel stole the teraphim that were her father ’ s .
1	and jacob stole away unawares to laban the syrian , in that he told him not that he fled .
1	so he fled with all that he had ; and he rose up , and passed over the river , and set his face toward the mountain of gilead .
1	and it was told laban on the third day that jacob was fled .
1	and he took his brethren with him , and pursued after him seven days ’ journey ; and he overtook him in the mountain of gilead .
1	and laban came up with jacob . now jacob had pitched his tent in the mountain : and laban with his brethren encamped in the mountain of gilead .
1	and didst not suffer me to kiss my sons and my daughters ? now hast thou done foolishly .
1	and now , though thou wouldest needs be gone , because thou sore longedst after thy father ’ s house , yet wherefore hast thou stolen my gods ?
1	and jacob answered and said to laban , because i was afraid : for i said , lest thou shouldest take thy daughters from me by force .
1	thus i was ; in the day the drought consumed me , and the frost by night ; and my sleep fled from mine eyes .
1	and now come , let us make a covenant , i and thou ; and let it be for a witness between me and thee .
1	and jacob took a stone , and set it up for a pillar .
1	and jacob said unto his brethren , gather stones ; and they took stones , and made a heap : and they did eat there by the heap .
1	and laban called it jegar-saha-dutha : but jacob called it galeed .
1	and laban said , this heap is witness between me and thee this day . therefore was the name of it called galeed :
1	and mizpah , for he said , jehovah watch between me and thee , when we are absent one from another .
1	and laban said to jacob , behold this heap , and behold the pillar , which i have set betwixt me and thee .
1	and jacob went on his way , and the angels of god met him .
1	and jacob said when he saw them , this is god ’ s host : and he called the name of that place mahanaim .
1	and jacob sent messengers before him to esau his brother unto the land of seir , the field of edom .
1	and he said , if esau come to the one company , and smite it , then the company which is left shall escape .
1	and thou saidst , i will surely do thee good , and make thy seed as the sand of the sea , which can not be numbered for multitude .
1	and he lodged there that night , and took of that which he had with him a present for esau his brother :
1	two hundred she-goats and twenty he-goats , two hundred ewes and twenty rams ,
1	thirty milch camels and their colts , forty cows and ten bulls , twenty she-asses and ten foals .
1	so the present passed over before him : and he himself lodged that night in the company .
1	and he took them , and sent them over the stream , and sent over that which he had .
1	and jacob was left alone ; and there wrestled a man with him until the breaking of the day .
1	and he said , let me go , for the day breaketh . and he said , i will not let thee go , except thou bless me .
1	and he said unto him , what is thy name ? and he said , jacob .
1	and he said , thy name shall be called no more jacob , but israel : for thou hast striven with god and with men , and hast prevailed .
1	and jacob called the name of the place peniel : for , said he , i have seen god face to face , and my life is preserved .
1	and the sun rose upon him as he passed over penuel , and he limped upon his thigh .
1	and he put the handmaids and their children foremost , and leah and her children after , and rachel and joseph hindermost .
1	and he himself passed over before them , and bowed himself to the ground seven times , until he came near to his brother .
1	and esau ran to meet him , and embraced him , and fell on his neck , and kissed him : and they wept .
1	then the handmaids came near , they and their children , and they bowed themselves .
1	and leah also and her children came near , and bowed themselves : and after came joseph near and rachel , and they bowed themselves .
1	and he said , what meanest thou by all this company which i met ? and he said , to find favor in the sight of my lord .
1	and esau said , i have enough , my brother ; let that which thou hast be thine .
1	and he said , let us take our journey , and let us go , and i will go before thee .
1	so esau returned that day on his way unto seir .
1	and jacob journeyed to succoth , and built him a house , and made booths for his cattle : therefore the name of the place is called succoth .
1	and he erected there an altar , and called it el-elohe-israel .
1	and dinah the daughter of leah , whom she bare unto jacob , went out to see the daughters of the land .
1	and his soul clave unto dinah the daughter of jacob , and he loved the damsel , and spake kindly unto the damsel .
1	and shechem spake unto his father hamor , saying , get me this damsel to wife .
1	and hamor the father of shechem went out unto jacob to commune with him .
1	and hamor communed with them , saying , the soul of my son shechem longeth for your daughter : i pray you , give her unto him to wife .
1	and make ye marriages with us ; give your daughters unto us , and take our daughters unto you .
1	and ye shall dwell with us : and the land shall be before you ; dwell and trade ye therein , and get you possessions therein .
1	and shechem said unto her father and unto her brethren , let me find favor in your eyes , and what ye shall say unto me i will give .
1	ask me never so much dowry and gift , and i will give according as ye shall say unto me : but give me the damsel to wife .
1	and the sons of jacob answered shechem and hamor his father with guile , and spake , because he had defiled dinah their sister ,
1	and said unto them , we can not do this thing , to give our sister to one that is uncircumcised ; for that were a reproach unto us .
1	only on this condition will we consent unto you : if ye will be as we are , that every male of you be circumcised ;
1	but if ye will not hearken unto us , to be circumcised ; then will we take our daughter , and we will be gone .
1	and their words pleased hamor , and shechem hamor ’ s son .
1	and hamor and shechem his son came unto the gate of their city , and communed with the men of their city , saying ,
1	shall not their cattle and their substance and all their beasts be ours ? only let us consent unto them , and they will dwell with us .
1	and they slew hamor and shechem his son with the edge of the sword , and took dinah out of shechem ’ s house , and went forth .
1	the sons of jacob came upon the slain , and plundered the city , because they had defiled their sister .
1	they took their flocks and their herds and their asses , and that which was in the city , and that which was in the field ;
1	and all their wealth , and all their little ones and their wives , took they captive and made a prey , even all that was in the house .
1	and they said , should he deal with our sister as with a harlot ?
1	and they journeyed : and a terror of god was upon the cities that were round about them , and they did not pursue after the sons of jacob .
1	so jacob came to luz , which is in the land of canaan ( the same is beth-el ) , he and all the people that were with him .
1	and deborah rebekah ’ s nurse died , and she was buried below beth-el under the oak : and the name of it was called allon-bacuth .
1	and god appeared unto jacob again , when he came from paddan-aram , and blessed him .
1	and the land which i gave unto abraham and isaac , to thee i will give it , and to thy seed after thee will i give the land .
1	and god went up from him in the place where he spake with him .
1	and jacob called the name of the place where god spake with him , beth-el .
1	and they journeyed from beth-el ; and there was still some distance to come to ephrath : and rachel travailed , and she had hard labor .
1	and rachel died , and was buried in the way to ephrath ( the same is beth-lehem ) .
1	and jacob set up a pillar upon her grave : the same is the pillar of rachel ’ s grave unto this day .
1	and israel journeyed , and spread his tent beyond the tower of eder .
1	the sons of leah : reuben , jacob ’ s first-born , and simeon , and levi , and judah , and issachar , and zebulun ;
1	the sons of rachel : joseph and benjamin ;
1	and the sons of bilhah , rachel ’ s handmaid : dan and naphtali ;
1	and the sons of zilpah , leah ’ s handmaid : gad and asher : these are the sons of jacob , that were born to him in paddan-aram .
1	and jacob came unto isaac his father to mamre , to kiriath-arba ( the same is hebron ) , where abraham and isaac sojourned .
1	and the days of isaac were a hundred and fourscore years .
1	now these are the generations of esau ( the same is edom ) .
1	and basemath ishmael ’ s daughter , sister of nebaioth .
1	and adah bare to esau eliphaz ; and basemath bare reuel ;
1	and oholibamah bare jeush , and jalam , and korah : these are the sons of esau , that were born unto him in the land of canaan .
1	for their substance was too great for them to dwell together ; and the land of their sojournings could not bear them because of their cattle .
1	and esau dwelt in mount seir : esau is edom .
1	and these are the generations of esau the father of the edomites in mount seir :
1	these are the names of esau ’ s sons : eliphaz the son of adah the wife of esau , reuel the son of basemath the wife of esau .
1	and the sons of eliphaz were teman , omar , zepho , and gatam , and kenaz .
1	and timna was concubine to eliphaz esau ’ s son ; and she bare to eliphaz amalek : these are the sons of adah , esau ’ s wife .
1	and these are the sons of reuel : nahath , and zerah , shammah , and mizzah : these were the sons of basemath , esau ’ s wife .
1	chief korah , chief gatam , chief amalek : these are the chiefs that came of eliphaz in the land of edom ; these are the sons of adah .
1	these are the sons of esau , and these are their chiefs : the same is edom .
1	these are the sons of seir the horite , the inhabitants of the land : lotan and shobal and zibeon and anah ,
1	and dishon and ezer and dishan : these are the chiefs that came of the horites , the children of seir in the land of edom .
1	and the children of lotan were hori and heman ; and lotan ’ s sister was timna .
1	and these are the children of shobal : alvan and manahath and ebal , shepho and onam .
1	and these are the children of anah : dishon and oholibamah the daughter of anah .
1	and these are the children of dishon : hemdan and eshban and ithran and cheran .
1	these are the children of ezer : bilhan and zaavan and akan .
1	these are the children of dishan : uz and aran .
1	these are the chiefs that came of the horites : chief lotan , chief shobal , chief zibeon , chief anah ,
1	chief dishon , chief ezer , chief dishan : these are the chiefs that came of the horites , according to their chiefs in the land of seir .
1	and these are the kings that reigned in the land of edom , before there reigned any king over the children of israel .
1	and bela the son of beor reigned in edom ; and the name of his city was dinhabah .
1	and bela died , and jobab the son of zerah of bozrah reigned in his stead .
1	and jobab died , and husham of the land of the temanites reigned in his stead .
1	and hadad died , and samlah of masrekah reigned in his stead .
1	and samlah died , and shaul of rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead .
1	and shaul died , and baal-hanan the son of achbor reigned in his stead .
1	chief oholibamah , chief elah , chief pinon ,
1	chief kenaz , chief teman , chief mibzar ,
1	and jacob dwelt in the land of his father ’ s sojournings , in the land of canaan .
1	now israel loved joseph more than all his children , because he was the son of his old age : and he made him a coat of many colors .
1	and his brethren saw that their father loved him more than all his brethren ; and they hated him , and could not speak peaceably unto him .
1	and joseph dreamed a dream , and he told it to his brethren : and they hated him yet the more .
1	and he said unto them , hear , i pray you , this dream which i have dreamed :
1	and his brethren envied him ; but his father kept the saying in mind .
1	and his brethren went to feed their father ’ s flock in shechem .
1	and a certain man found him , and , behold , he was wandering in the field : and the man asked him , saying , what seekest thou ?
1	and he said , i am seeking my brethren : tell me , i pray thee , where they are feeding the flock .
1	and they saw him afar off , and before he came near unto them , they conspired against him to slay him .
1	and they said one to another , behold , this dreamer cometh .
1	and reuben heard it , and delivered him out of their hand , and said , let us not take his life .
1	and they took him , and cast him into the pit : and the pit was empty , there was no water in it .
1	and judah said unto his brethren , what profit is it if we slay our brother and conceal his blood ?
1	and reuben returned unto the pit ; and , behold , joseph was not in the pit ; and he rent his clothes .
1	and he returned unto his brethren , and said , the child is not ; and i , whither shall i go ?
1	and they took joseph ’ s coat , and killed a he-goat , and dipped the coat in the blood ;
1	and jacob rent his garments , and put sackcloth upon his loins , and mourned for his son many days .
1	and the midianites sold him into egypt unto potiphar , an officer of pharaoh ’ s , the captain of the guard .
1	and it came to pass at that time , that judah went down from his brethren , and turned in to a certain adullamite , whose name was hirah .
1	and judah saw there a daughter of a certain canaanite whose name was shua ; and he took her , and went in unto her .
1	and she conceived , and bare a son ; and he called his name er .
1	and she conceived again , and bare a son ; and she called his name onan .
1	and she yet again bare a son , and called his name shelah : and he was at chezib , when she bare him .
1	and judah took a wife for er his first-born , and her name was tamar .
1	and er , judah ’ s first-born , was wicked in the sight of jehovah ; and jehovah slew him .
1	and the thing which he did was evil in the sight of jehovah : and he slew him also .
1	and it was told tamar , saying , behold , thy father-in-law goeth up to timnah to shear his sheep .
1	when judah saw her , he thought her to be a harlot ; for she had covered her face .
1	and she arose , and went away , and put off her veil from her , and put on the garments of her widowhood .
1	and it came to pass in the time of her travail , that , behold , twins were in her womb .
1	and afterward came out his brother , that had the scarlet thread upon his hand : and his name was called zerah .
1	and jehovah was with joseph , and he was a prosperous man ; and he was in the house of his master the egyptian .
1	and his master saw that jehovah was with him , and that jehovah made all that he did to prosper in his hand .
1	and it came to pass after these things , that his master ’ s wife cast her eyes upon joseph ; and she said , lie with me .
1	and it came to pass , when she saw that he had left his garment in her hand , and was fled forth ,
1	and she laid up his garment by her , until his master came home .
1	and it came to pass , as i lifted up my voice and cried , that he left his garment by me , and fled out .
1	but jehovah was with joseph , and showed kindness unto him , and gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison .
1	and it came to pass after these things , that the butler of the king of egypt and his baker offended their lord the king of egypt .
1	and pharaoh was wroth against his two officers , against the chief of the butlers , and against the chief of the bakers .
1	and he put them in ward in the house of the captain of the guard , into the prison , the place where joseph was bound .
1	and the captain of the guard charged joseph with them , and he ministered unto them : and they continued a season in ward .
1	and joseph came in unto them in the morning , and saw them , and , behold , they were sad .
1	and he asked pharaoh ’ s officers that were with him in ward in his master ’ s house , saying , wherefore look ye so sad to-day ?
1	and the chief butler told his dream to joseph , and said to him , in my dream , behold , a vine was before me ;
1	and joseph said unto him , this is the interpretation of it : the three branches are three days ;
1	for indeed i was stolen away out of the land of the hebrews : and here also have i done nothing that they should put me into the dungeon .
1	and in the uppermost basket there was of all manner of baked food for pharaoh ; and the birds did eat them out of the basket upon my head .
1	and joseph answered and said , this is the interpretation thereof : the three baskets are three days ;
1	and he restored the chief butler unto his butlership again ; and he gave the cup into pharaoh ’ s hand :
1	but he hanged the chief baker : as joseph had interpreted to them .
1	yet did not the chief butler remember joseph , but forgat him .
1	and it came to pass at the end of two full years , that pharaoh dreamed : and , behold , he stood by the river .
1	and , behold , there came up out of the river seven kine , well-favored and fat-fleshed ; and they fed in the reed-grass .
1	and the ill-favored and lean-fleshed kine did eat up the seven well-favored and fat kine . so pharaoh awoke .
1	and he slept and dreamed a second time : and , behold , seven ears of grain came up upon one stalk , rank and good .
1	and , behold , seven ears , thin and blasted with the east wind , sprung up after them .
1	and the thin ears swallowed up the seven rank and full ears . and pharaoh awoke , and , behold , it was a dream .
1	then spake the chief butler unto pharaoh , saying , i do remember my faults this day :
1	pharaoh was wroth with his servants , and put me in ward in the house of the captain of the guard , me and the chief baker :
1	and we dreamed a dream in one night , i and he ; we dreamed each man according to the interpretation of his dream .
1	and it came to pass , as he interpreted to us , so it was ; me he restored unto mine office , and him he hanged .
1	and joseph answered pharaoh , saying , it is not in me : god will give pharaoh an answer of peace .
1	and pharaoh spake unto joseph , in my dream , behold , i stood upon the brink of the river :
1	and , behold , there came up out of the river seven kine , fat-fleshed and well-favored ; and they fed in the reed-grass :
1	and the lean and ill-favored kine did eat up the first seven fat kine :
1	and i saw in my dream , and , behold , seven ears came up upon one stalk , full and good :
1	and , behold , seven ears , withered , thin , and blasted with the east wind , sprung up after them :
1	and the thin ears swallowed up the seven good ears : and i told it unto the magicians ; but there was none that could declare it to me .
1	and joseph said unto pharaoh , the dream of pharaoh is one : what god is about to do he hath declared unto pharaoh .
1	the seven good kine are seven years ; and the seven good ears are seven years : the dream is one .
1	that is the thing which i spake unto pharaoh : what god is about to do he hath showed unto pharaoh .
1	behold , there come seven years of great plenty throughout all the land of egypt :
1	and the plenty shall not be known in the land by reason of that famine which followeth ; for it shall be very grievous .
1	and for that the dream was doubled unto pharaoh , it is because the thing is established by god , and god will shortly bring it to pass .
1	now therefore let pharaoh look out a man discreet and wise , and set him over the land of egypt .
1	and the thing was good in the eyes of pharaoh , and in the eyes of all his servants .
1	and pharaoh said unto his servants , can we find such a one as this , a man in whom the spirit of god is ?
1	and pharaoh said unto joseph , forasmuch as god hath showed thee all this , there is none so discreet and wise as thou :
1	thou shalt be over my house , and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled : only in the throne will i be greater than thou .
1	and pharaoh said unto joseph , see , i have set thee over all the land of egypt .
1	and pharaoh said unto joseph , i am pharaoh , and without thee shall no man lift up his hand or his foot in all the land of egypt .
1	and in the seven plenteous years the earth brought forth by handfuls .
1	and joseph laid up grain as the sand of the sea , very much , until he left off numbering ; for it was without number .
1	and unto joseph were born two sons before the year of famine came , whom asenath , the daughter of potiphera priest of on , bare unto him .
1	and the name of the second called he ephraim : for god hath made me fruitful in the land of my affliction .
1	and the seven years of plenty , that was in the land of egypt , came to an end .
1	and all countries came into egypt to joseph to buy grain , because the famine was sore in all the earth .
1	now jacob saw that there was grain in egypt , and jacob said unto his sons , why do ye look one upon another ?
1	and joseph ’ s ten brethren went down to buy grain from egypt .
1	but benjamin , joseph ’ s brother , jacob sent not with his brethren ; for he said , lest peradventure harm befall him .
1	and the sons of israel came to buy among those that came : for the famine was in the land of canaan .
1	and joseph knew his brethren , but they knew not him .
1	and they said unto him , nay , my lord , but to buy food are thy servants come .
1	we are all one man ’ s sons ; we are true men , thy servants are no spies .
1	and he said unto them , nay , but to see the nakedness of the land ye are come .
1	and joseph said unto them , that is it that i spake unto you , saying , ye are spies :
1	hereby ye shall be proved : by the life of pharaoh ye shall not go forth hence , except your youngest brother come hither .
1	and he put them all together into ward three days .
1	and joseph said unto them the third day , this do , and live ; for i fear god :
1	if ye be true men , let one of your brethren be bound in your prison-house ; but go ye , carry grain for the famine of your houses :
1	and bring your youngest brother unto me ; so shall your words be verified , and ye shall not die . and they did so .
1	and they knew not that joseph understood them ; for there was an interpreter between them .
1	and they laded their asses with their grain , and departed thence .
1	and they came unto jacob their father unto the land of canaan , and told him all that had befallen them , saying ,
1	the man , the lord of the land , spake roughly with us , and took us for spies of the country .
1	and we said unto him , we are true men ; we are no spies :
1	we are twelve brethren , sons of our father ; one is not , and the youngest is this day with our father in the land of canaan .
1	and the famine was sore in the land .
1	if thou wilt send our brother with us , we will go down and buy thee food :
1	and israel said , wherefore dealt ye so ill with me , as to tell the man whether ye had yet a brother ?
1	for except we had lingered , surely we had now returned a second time .
1	take also your brother , and arise , go again unto the man :
1	and the man did as joseph bade ; and the man brought the men to joseph ’ s house .
1	and they came near to the steward of joseph ’ s house , and they spake unto him at the door of the house ,
1	and said , oh , my lord , we came indeed down at the first time to buy food :
1	and other money have we brought down in our hand to buy food : we know not who put our money in our sacks .
1	and the man brought the men into joseph ’ s house , and gave them water , and they washed their feet ; and he gave their asses provender .
1	and they made ready the present against joseph ’ s coming at noon : for they heard that they should eat bread there .
1	and when joseph came home , they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house , and bowed down themselves to him to the earth .
1	and he asked them of their welfare , and said , is your father well , the old man of whom ye spake ? is he yet alive ?
1	and they said , thy servant our father is well , he is yet alive . and they bowed the head , and made obeisance .
1	and he washed his face , and came out ; and he refrained himself , and said , set on bread .
1	and they sat before him , the first-born according to his birthright , and the youngest according to his youth : and the men marvelled one with another .
1	as soon as the morning was light , the men were sent away , they and their asses .
1	is not this that in which my lord drinketh , and whereby he indeed divineth ? ye have done evil in so doing .
1	and he overtook them , and he spake unto them these words .
1	and they said unto him , wherefore speaketh my lord such words as these ? far be it from thy servants that they should do such a thing .
1	with whomsoever of thy servants it be found , let him die , and we also will be my lord ’ s bondmen .
1	then they hasted , and took down every man his sack to the ground , and opened every man his sack .
1	and he searched , and began at the eldest , and left off at the youngest : and the cup was found in benjamin ’ s sack .
1	then they rent their clothes , and laded every man his ass , and returned to the city .
1	and judah and his brethren came to joseph ’ s house ; and he was yet there : and they fell before him on the ground .
1	and joseph said unto them , what deed is this that ye have done ? know ye not that such a man as i can indeed divine ?
1	my lord asked his servants , saying , have ye a father , or a brother ?
1	and thou saidst unto thy servants , bring him down unto me , that i may set mine eyes upon him .
1	and we said unto my lord , the lad can not leave his father : for if he should leave his father , his father would die .
1	and thou saidst unto thy servants , except your youngest brother come down with you , ye shall see my face no more .
1	and it came to pass when we came up unto thy servant my father , we told him the words of my lord .
1	and our father said , go again , buy us a little food .
1	and thy servant my father said unto us , ye know that my wife bare me two sons :
1	and the one went out from me , and i said , surely he is torn in pieces ; and i have not seen him since :
1	and if ye take this one also from me , and harm befall him , ye will bring down my gray hairs with sorrow to sheol .
1	for how shall i go up to my father , if the lad be not with me ? lest i see the evil that shall come on my father .
1	and he wept aloud : and the egyptians heard , and the house of pharaoh heard .
1	and now be not grieved , nor angry with yourselves , that ye sold me hither : for god did send me before you to preserve life .
1	for these two years hath the famine been in the land : and there are yet five years , in which there shall be neither plowing nor harvest .
1	and god sent me before you to preserve you a remnant in the earth , and to save you alive by a great deliverance .
1	and , behold , your eyes see , and the eyes of my brother benjamin , that it is my mouth that speaketh unto you .
1	and he fell upon his brother benjamin ’ s neck , and wept ; and benjamin wept upon his neck .
1	and he kissed all his brethren , and wept upon them : and after that his brethren talked with him .
1	and pharaoh said unto joseph , say unto thy brethren , this do ye : lade your beasts , and go , get you unto the land of canaan ;
1	also regard not your stuff ; for the good of all the land of egypt is yours .
1	and the sons of israel did so : and joseph gave them wagons , according to the commandment of pharaoh , and gave them provision for the way .
1	to all of them he gave each man changes of raiment ; but to benjamin he gave three hundred pieces of silver , and five changes of raiment .
1	so he sent his brethren away , and they departed : and he said unto them , see that ye fall not out by the way .
1	and they went up out of egypt , and came into the land of canaan unto jacob their father .
1	and israel said , it is enough ; joseph my son is yet alive : i will go and see him before i die .
1	and israel took his journey with all that he had , and came to beer-sheba , and offered sacrifices unto the god of his father isaac .
1	and god spake unto israel in the visions of the night , and said , jacob , jacob . and he said , here am i .
1	i will go down with thee into egypt ; and i will also surely bring thee up again : and joseph shall put his hand upon thine eyes .
1	and these are the names of the children of israel , who came into egypt , jacob and his sons : reuben , jacob ’ s first-born .
1	and the sons of reuben : hanoch , and pallu , and hezron , and carmi .
1	and the sons of simeon : jemuel , and jamin , and ohad , and jachin , and zohar , and shaul the son of a canaanitish woman .
1	and the sons of levi : gershon , kohath , and merari .
1	and the sons of issachar : tola , and puvah , and iob , and shimron .
1	and the sons of zebulun : sered , and elon , and jahleel .
1	and the sons of gad : ziphion , and haggi , shuni , and ezbon , eri , and arodi , and areli .
1	these are the sons of zilpah , whom laban gave to leah his daughter ; and these she bare unto jacob , even sixteen souls .
1	the sons of rachel jacob ’ s wife : joseph and benjamin .
1	and unto joseph in the land of egypt were born manasseh and ephraim , whom asenath , the daughter of poti-phera priest of on , bare unto him .
1	these are the sons of rachel , who were born to jacob : all the souls were fourteen .
1	and the sons of dan : hushim .
1	and the sons of naphtali : jahzeel , and guni , and jezer , and shillem .
1	these are the sons of bilhah , whom laban gave unto rachel his daughter , and these she bare unto jacob : all the souls were seven .
1	and he sent judah before him unto joseph , to show the way before him unto goshen ; and they came into the land of goshen .
1	and israel said unto joseph , now let me die , since i have seen thy face , that thou art yet alive .
1	and it shall come to pass , when pharaoh shall call you , and shall say , what is your occupation ?
1	and from among his brethren he took five men , and presented them unto pharaoh .
1	and pharaoh said unto his brethren , what is your occupation ? and they said unto pharaoh , thy servants are shepherds , both we , and our fathers .
1	and pharaoh spake unto joseph , saying , thy father and thy brethren are come unto thee :
1	and joseph brought in jacob his father , and set him before pharaoh : and jacob blessed pharaoh .
1	and pharaoh said unto jacob , how many are the days of the years of thy life ?
1	and jacob blessed pharaoh , and went out from the presence of pharaoh .
1	and joseph nourished his father , and his brethren , and all his father ’ s household , with bread , according to their families .
1	and joseph said , give your cattle ; and i will give you for your cattle , if money fail .
1	and as for the people , he removed them to the cities from one end of the border of egypt even to the other end thereof .
1	and they said , thou hast saved our lives : let us find favor in the sight of my lord , and we will be pharaoh ’ s servants .
1	and israel dwelt in the land of egypt , in the land of goshen ; and they gat them possessions therein , and were fruitful , and multiplied exceedingly .
1	and he said , swear unto me : and he sware unto him . and israel bowed himself upon the bed ’ s head .
1	and one told jacob , and said , behold , thy son joseph cometh unto thee : and israel strengthened himself , and sat upon the bed .
1	and jacob said unto joseph , god almighty appeared unto me at luz in the land of canaan , and blessed me ,
1	and thy issue , that thou begettest after them , shall be thine ; they shall be called after the name of their brethren in their inheritance .
1	and israel beheld joseph ’ s sons , and said , who are these ?
1	and israel said unto joseph , i had not thought to see thy face : and , lo , god hath let me see thy seed also .
1	and joseph brought them out from between his knees ; and he bowed himself with his face to the earth .
1	and joseph said unto his father , not so , my father ; for this is the first-born ; put thy right hand upon his head .
1	and israel said unto joseph , behold , i die : but god will be with you , and bring you again unto the land of your fathers .
1	moreover i have given to thee one portion above thy brethren , which i took out of the hand of the amorite with my sword and with my bow .
1	and jacob called unto his sons , and said : gather yourselves together , that i may tell you that which shall befall you in the latter days .
1	assemble yourselves , and hear , ye sons of jacob ;
1	reuben , thou art my first-born , my might , and the beginning of my strength ;
1	boiling over as water , thou shalt not have the pre-eminence ;
1	simeon and levi are brethren ;
1	o my soul , come not thou into their council ;
1	cursed be their anger , for it was fierce ;
1	judah , thee shall thy brethren praise :
1	judah is a lion ’ s whelp ;
1	the sceptre shall not depart from judah ,
1	binding his foal unto the vine ,
1	his eyes shall be red with wine ,
1	zebulun shall dwell at the haven of the sea ;
1	issachar is a strong ass ,
1	and he saw a resting-place that it was good ,
1	dan shall judge his people ,
1	dan shall be a serpent in the way ,
1	i have waited for thy salvation , o jehovah .
1	gad , a troop shall press upon him ;
1	out of asher his bread shall be fat ,
1	naphtali is a hind let loose :
1	joseph is a fruitful bough ,
1	the archers have sorely grieved him ,
1	but his bow abode in strength ,
1	even by the god of thy father , who shall help thee ,
1	the blessings of thy father
1	benjamin is a wolf that raveneth :
1	there they buried abraham and sarah his wife ; there they buried isaac and rebekah his wife ; and there i buried leah—
1	the field and the cave that is therein , which was purchased from the children of heth .
1	and joseph fell upon his father ’ s face , and wept upon him , and kissed him .
1	and joseph commanded his servants the physicians to embalm his father : and the physicians embalmed israel .
1	and forty days were fulfilled for him ; for so are fulfilled the days of embalming : and the egyptians wept for him three-score and ten days .
1	and pharaoh said , go up , and bury thy father , according as he made thee swear .
1	and there went up with him both chariots and horsemen : and it was a very great company .
1	and his sons did unto him according as he commanded them :
1	and they sent a message unto joseph , saying , thy father did command before he died , saying ,
1	and his brethren also went and fell down before his face ; and they said , behold , we are thy servants .
1	and joseph said unto them , fear not : for am i in the place of god ?
1	now therefore fear ye not : i will nourish you , and your little ones . and he comforted them , and spake kindly unto them .
1	and joseph dwelt in egypt , he , and his father ’ s house : and joseph lived a hundred and ten years .
1	and joseph saw ephraim ’ s children of the third generation : the children also of machir the son of manasseh were born upon joseph ’ s knees .
1	and joseph took an oath of the children of israel , saying , god will surely visit you , and ye shall carry up my bones from hence .
1	so joseph died , being a hundred and ten years old : and they embalmed him , and he was put in a coffin in egypt .
1	the burden which habakkuk the prophet did see .
1	o jehovah , how long shall i cry , and thou wilt not hear ? i cry out unto thee of violence , and thou wilt not save .
1	why dost thou show me iniquity , and look upon perverseness ? for destruction and violence are before me ; and there is strife , and contention riseth up .
1	therefore the law is slacked , and justice doth never go forth ; for the wicked doth compass about the righteous ; therefore justice goeth forth perverted .
1	they are terrible and dreadful ; their judgment and their dignity proceed from themselves .
1	they come all of them for violence ; the set of their faces is forwards ; and they gather captives as the sand .
1	yea , he scoffeth at kings , and princes are a derision unto him ; he derideth every stronghold ; for he heapeth up dust , and taketh it .
1	then shall he sweep by as a wind , and shall pass over , and be guilty , even he whose might is his god .
1	and makest men as the fishes of the sea , as the creeping things , that have no ruler over them ?
1	therefore he sacrificeth unto his net , and burneth incense unto his drag ; because by them his portion is fat , and his food plenteous .
1	shall he therefore empty his net , and spare not to slay the nations continually ?
1	and jehovah answered me , and said , write the vision , and make it plain upon tablets , that he may run that readeth it .
1	behold , his soul is puffed up , it is not upright in him ; but the righteous shall live by his faith .
1	shall they not rise up suddenly that shall bite thee , and awake that shall vex thee , and thou shalt be for booty unto them ?
1	thou hast devised shame to thy house , by cutting off many peoples , and hast sinned against thy soul .
1	for the stone shall cry out of the wall , and the beam out of the timber shall answer it .
1	woe to him that buildeth a town with blood , and establisheth a city by iniquity !
1	behold , is it not of jehovah of hosts that the peoples labor for the fire , and the nations weary themselves for vanity ?
1	for the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the glory of jehovah , as the waters cover the sea .
1	woe unto him that giveth his neighbor drink , to thee that addest thy venom , and makest him drunken also , that thou mayest look on their nakedness !
1	but jehovah is in his holy temple : let all the earth keep silence before him .
1	a prayer of habakkuk the prophet , set to shigionoth .
1	o jehovah , i have heard the report of thee , and am afraid :
1	god came from teman ,
1	and his brightness was as the light ;
1	before him went the pestilence ,
1	he stood , and measured the earth ;
1	i saw the tents of cushan in affliction ;
1	was jehovah displeased with the rivers ?
1	thy bow was made quite bare ;
1	the mountains saw thee , and were afraid ;
1	the sun and moon stood still in their habitation ,
1	thou didst march through the land in indignation ;
1	thou wentest forth for the salvation of thy people ,
1	thou didst pierce with his own staves the head of his warriors :
1	thou didst tread the sea with thy horses ,
1	i heard , and my body trembled ,
1	for though the fig-tree shall not flourish ,
1	yet i will rejoice in jehovah ,
1	jehovah , the lord , is my strength ;
1	then came the word of jehovah by haggai the prophet , saying ,
1	is it a time for you yourselves to dwell in your ceiled houses , while this house lieth waste ?
1	now therefore thus saith jehovah of hosts : consider your ways .
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts : consider your ways .
1	therefore for your sake the heavens withhold the dew , and the earth withholdeth its fruit .
1	then spake haggai jehovah ’ s messenger in jehovah ’ s message unto the people , saying , i am with you , saith jehovah .
1	in the four and twentieth day of the month , in the sixth month , in the second year of darius the king .
1	in the seventh month , in the one and twentieth day of the month , came the word of jehovah by haggai the prophet , saying ,
1	according to the word that i covenanted with you when ye came out of egypt , and my spirit abode among you : fear ye not .
1	the silver is mine , and the gold is mine , saith jehovah of hosts .
1	in the four and twentieth day of the ninth month , in the second year of darius , came the word of jehovah by haggai the prophet , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts : ask now the priests concerning the law , saying ,
1	and now , i pray you , consider from this day and backward , before a stone was laid upon a stone in the temple of jehovah .
1	i smote you with blasting and with mildew and with hail in all the work of your hands ; yet ye turned not to me , saith jehovah .
1	and the word of jehovah came the second time unto haggai in the four and twentieth day of the month , saying ,
1	speak to zerubbabel , governor of judah , saying , i will shake the heavens and the earth ;
1	god , having of old time spoken unto the fathers in the prophets by divers portions and in divers manners ,
1	hath at the end of these days spoken unto us in his son , whom he appointed heir of all things , through whom also he made the worlds ;
1	having become by so much better than the angels , as he hath inherited a more excellent name than they .
1	for unto which of the angels said he at any time ,
1	and when he again bringeth in the firstborn into the world he saith , and let all the angels of god worship him .
1	and of the angels he saith ,
1	but of the son he saith ,
1	thou hast loved righteousness , and hated iniquity ;
1	they shall perish ; but thou continuest :
1	and as a mantle shalt thou roll them up ,
1	but of which of the angels hath he said at any time ,
1	are they not all ministering spirits , sent forth to do service for the sake of them that shall inherit salvation ?
1	therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things that were heard , lest haply we drift away from them .
1	for if the word spoken through angels proved stedfast , and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense of reward ;
1	for not unto angels did he subject the world to come , whereof we speak .
1	but one hath somewhere testified , saying ,
1	thou madest him a little lower than the angels ;
1	thou didst put all things in subjection under his feet .
1	for both he that sanctifieth and they that are sanctified are all of one : for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren ,
1	and again , i will put my trust in him . and again , behold , i and the children whom god hath given me .
1	and might deliver all them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage .
1	for verily not to angels doth he give help , but he giveth help to the seed of abraham .
1	for in that he himself hath suffered being tempted , he is able to succor them that are tempted .
1	wherefore , holy brethren , partakers of a heavenly calling , consider the apostle and high priest of our confession , even jesus ;
1	who was faithful to him that appointed him , as also was moses in all his house .
1	for he hath been counted worthy of more glory than moses , by so much as he that built the house hath more honor than the house .
1	for every house is builded by some one ; but he that built all things is god .
1	and moses indeed was faithful in all his house as a servant , for a testimony of those things which were afterward to be spoken ;
1	wherefore , even as the holy spirit saith ,
1	harden not your hearts , as in the provocation ,
1	where your fathers tried me by proving me ,
1	wherefore i was displeased with this generation ,
1	as i sware in my wrath ,
1	take heed , brethren , lest haply there shall be in any one of you an evil heart of unbelief , in falling away from the living god :
1	but exhort one another day by day , so long as it is called to-day ; lest any one of you be hardened by the deceitfulness of sin :
1	for we are become partakers of christ , if we hold fast the beginning of our confidence firm unto the end :
1	while it is said ,
1	for who , when they heard , did provoke ? nay , did not all they that came out of egypt by moses ?
1	and with whom was he displeased forty years ? was it not with them that sinned , whose bodies fell in the wilderness ?
1	and to whom sware he that they should not enter into his rest , but to them that were disobedient ?
1	and we see that they were not able to enter in because of unbelief .
1	for we who have believed do enter into that rest ; even as he hath said ,
1	for he hath said somewhere of the seventh day on this wise , and god rested on the seventh day from all his works ;
1	and in this place again ,
1	seeing therefore it remaineth that some should enter thereinto , and they to whom the good tidings were before preached failed to enter in because of disobedience ,
1	he again defineth a certain day , to-day , saying in david so long a time afterward ( even as hath been said before ) ,
1	for if joshua had given them rest , he would not have spoken afterward of another day .
1	there remaineth therefore a sabbath rest for the people of god .
1	for he that is entered into his rest hath himself also rested from his works , as god did from his .
1	let us therefore give diligence to enter into that rest , that no man fall after the same example of disobedience .
1	having then a great high priest , who hath passed through the heavens , jesus the son of god , let us hold fast our confession .
1	who can bear gently with the ignorant and erring , for that he himself also is compassed with infirmity ;
1	and by reason thereof is bound , as for the people , so also for himself , to offer for sins .
1	and no man taketh the honor unto himself , but when he is called of god , even as was aaron .
1	so christ also glorified not himself to be made a high priest , but he that spake unto him ,
1	as he saith also in another place ,
1	though he was a son , yet learned obedience by the things which he suffered ;
1	and having been made perfect , he became unto all them that obey him the author of eternal salvation ;
1	named of god a high priest after the order of melchizedek .
1	of whom we have many things to say , and hard of interpretation , seeing ye are become dull of hearing .
1	for every one that partaketh of milk is without experience of the word of righteousness ; for he is a babe .
1	but solid food is for fullgrown men , even those who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern good and evil .
1	of the teaching of baptisms , and of laying on of hands , and of resurrection of the dead , and of eternal judgment .
1	and this will we do , if god permit .
1	for as touching those who were once enlightened and tasted of the heavenly gift , and were made partakers of the holy spirit ,
1	and tasted the good word of god , and the powers of the age to come ,
1	but if it beareth thorns and thistles , it is rejected and nigh unto a curse ; whose end is to be burned .
1	but , beloved , we are persuaded better things of you , and things that accompany salvation , though we thus speak :
1	and we desire that each one of you may show the same diligence unto the fulness of hope even to the end :
1	that ye be not sluggish , but imitators of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises .
1	for when god made promise to abraham , since he could swear by none greater , he sware by himself ,
1	saying , surely blessing i will bless thee , and multiplying i will multiply thee .
1	and thus , having patiently endured , he obtained the promise .
1	for men swear by the greater : and in every dispute of theirs the oath is final for confirmation .
1	wherein god , being minded to show more abundantly unto the heirs of the promise the immutability of his counsel , interposed with an oath ;
1	which we have as an anchor of the soul , a hope both sure and stedfast and entering into that which is within the veil ;
1	whither as a forerunner jesus entered for us , having become a high priest for ever after the order of melchizedek .
1	for this melchizedek , king of salem , priest of god most high , who met abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings and blessed him ,
1	now consider how great this man was , unto whom abraham , the patriarch , gave a tenth out of the chief spoils .
1	but he whose genealogy is not counted from them hath taken tithes of abraham , and hath blessed him that hath the promises .
1	but without any dispute the less is blessed of the better .
1	and here men that die receive tithes ; but there one , of whom it is witnessed that he liveth .
1	and , so to say , through abraham even levi , who receiveth tithes , hath paid tithes ;
1	for he was yet in the loins of his father , when melchizedek met him .
1	for the priesthood being changed , there is made of necessity a change also of the law .
1	for he of whom these things are said belongeth to another tribe , from which no man hath given attendance at the altar .
1	for it is evident that our lord hath sprung out of judah ; as to which tribe moses spake nothing concerning priests .
1	and what we say is yet more abundantly evident , if after the likeness of melchizedek there ariseth another priest ,
1	who hath been made , not after the law of a carnal commandment , but after the power of an endless life :
1	for it is witnessed of him ,
1	for there is a disannulling of a foregoing commandment because of its weakness and unprofitableness
1	( for the law made nothing perfect ) , and a bringing in thereupon of a better hope , through which we draw nigh unto god .
1	and inasmuch as it is not without the taking of an oath
1	( for they indeed have been made priests without an oath ; but he with an oath by him that saith of him ,
1	by so much also hath jesus become the surety of a better covenant .
1	and they indeed have been made priests many in number , because that by death they are hindered from continuing :
1	but he , because he abideth for ever , hath his priesthood unchangeable .
1	wherefore also he is able to save to the uttermost them that draw near unto god through him , seeing he ever liveth to make intercession for them .
1	for such a high priest became us , holy , guileless , undefiled , separated from sinners , and made higher than the heavens ;
1	a minister of the sanctuary , and of the true tabernacle , which the lord pitched , not man .
1	for every high priest is appointed to offer both gifts and sacrifices : wherefore it is necessary that this high priest also have somewhat to offer .
1	now if he were on earth , he would not be a priest at all , seeing there are those who offer the gifts according to the law ;
1	for if that first covenant had been faultless , then would no place have been sought for a second .
1	for finding fault with them , he saith ,
1	not according to the covenant that i made with their fathers
1	for this is the covenant that i will make with the house of israel
1	and they shall not teach every man his fellow-citizen ,
1	for i will be merciful to their iniquities ,
1	now even the first covenant had ordinances of divine service , and its sanctuary , a sanctuary of this world .
1	for there was a tabernacle prepared , the first , wherein were the candlestick , and the table , and the showbread ; which is called the holy place .
1	and after the second veil , the tabernacle which is called the holy of holies ;
1	and above it cherubim of glory overshadowing the mercy-seat ; of which things we can not now speak severally .
1	now these things having been thus prepared , the priests go in continually into the first tabernacle , accomplishing the services ;
1	the holy spirit this signifying , that the way into the holy place hath not yet been made manifest , while the first tabernacle is yet standing ;
1	being only ( with meats and drinks and divers washings ) carnal ordinances , imposed until a time of reformation .
1	for if the blood of goats and bulls , and the ashes of a heifer sprinkling them that have been defiled , sanctify unto the cleanness of the flesh :
1	for where a testament is , there must of necessity be the death of him that made it .
1	for a testament is of force where there hath been death : for it doth never avail while he that made it liveth .
1	wherefore even the first covenant hath not been dedicated without blood .
1	saying , this is the blood of the covenant which god commanded to you-ward .
1	moreover the tabernacle and all the vessels of the ministry he sprinkled in like manner with the blood .
1	and according to the law , i may almost say , all things are cleansed with blood , and apart from shedding of blood there is no remission .
1	it was necessary therefore that the copies of the things in the heavens should be cleansed with these ; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these .
1	nor yet that he should offer himself often , as the high priest entereth into the holy place year by year with blood not his own ;
1	and inasmuch as it is appointed unto men once to die , and after this cometh judgment ;
1	else would they not have ceased to be offered ? because the worshippers , having been once cleansed , would have had no more consciousness of sins .
1	but in those sacrifices there is a remembrance made of sins year by year .
1	for it is impossible that the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins .
1	wherefore when he cometh into the world , he saith ,
1	in whole burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin thou hadst no pleasure :
1	then said i , lo , i am come ( in the roll of the book it is written of me )
1	then hath he said , lo , i am come to do thy will . he taketh away the first , that he may establish the second .
1	by which will we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of jesus christ once for all .
1	and every priest indeed standeth day by day ministering and offering oftentimes the same sacrifices , the which can never take away sins :
1	but he , when he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever , sat down on the right hand of god ;
1	henceforth expecting till his enemies be made the footstool of his feet .
1	for by one offering he hath perfected for ever them that are sanctified .
1	and the holy spirit also beareth witness to us ; for after he hath said ,
1	this is the covenant that i will make with them
1	and their sins and their iniquities will i remember no more .
1	now where remission of these is , there is no more offering for sin .
1	having therefore , brethren , boldness to enter into the holy place by the blood of jesus ,
1	by the way which he dedicated for us , a new and living way , through the veil , that is to say , his flesh ;
1	and having a great priest over the house of god ;
1	let us hold fast the confession of our hope that it waver not ; for he is faithful that promised :
1	and let us consider one another to provoke unto love and good works ;
1	for if we sin wilfully after that we have received the knowledge of the truth , there remaineth no more a sacrifice for sins ,
1	but a certain fearful expectation of judgment , and a fierceness of fire which shall devour the adversaries .
1	a man that hath set at nought moses ’ law dieth without compassion on the word of two or three witnesses :
1	for we know him that said , vengeance belongeth unto me , i will recompense . and again , the lord shall judge his people .
1	it is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living god .
1	but call to remembrance the former days , in which , after ye were enlightened , ye endured a great conflict of sufferings ;
1	partly , being made a gazingstock both by reproaches and afflictions ; and partly , becoming partakers with them that were so used .
1	cast not away therefore your boldness , which hath great recompense of reward .
1	for ye have need of patience , that , having done the will of god , ye may receive the promise .
1	for yet a very little while ,
1	but my righteous one shall live by faith :
1	but we are not of them that shrink back unto perdition ; but of them that have faith unto the saving of the soul .
1	now faith is assurance of things hoped for , a conviction of things not seen .
1	for therein the elders had witness borne to them .
1	for he looked for the city which hath the foundations , whose builder and maker is god .
1	by faith even sarah herself received power to conceive seed when she was past age , since she counted him faithful who had promised :
1	for they that say such things make it manifest that they are seeking after a country of their own .
1	and if indeed they had been mindful of that country from which they went out , they would have had opportunity to return .
1	by faith abraham , being tried , offered up isaac : yea , he that had gladly received the promises was offering up his only begotten son ;
1	even he to whom it was said , in isaac shall thy seed be called :
1	accounting that god is able to raise up , even from the dead ; from whence he did also in a figure receive him back .
1	by faith isaac blessed jacob and esau , even concerning things to come .
1	by faith jacob , when he was dying , blessed each of the sons of joseph ; and worshipped , leaning upon the top of his staff .
1	by faith joseph , when his end was nigh , made mention of the departure of the children of israel ; and gave commandment concerning his bones .
1	by faith moses , when he was grown up , refused to be called the son of pharaoh ’ s daughter ;
1	choosing rather to share ill treatment with the people of god , than to enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season ;
1	accounting the reproach of christ greater riches than the treasures of egypt : for he looked unto the recompense of reward .
1	by faith he forsook egypt , not fearing the wrath of the king : for he endured , as seeing him who is invisible .
1	by faith he kept the passover , and the sprinkling of the blood , that the destroyer of the firstborn should not touch them .
1	by faith they passed through the red sea as by dry land : which the egyptians assaying to do were swallowed up .
1	by faith the walls of jericho fell down , after they had been compassed about for seven days .
1	by faith rahab the harlot perished not with them that were disobedient , having received the spies with peace .
1	who through faith subdued kingdoms , wrought righteousness , obtained promises , stopped the mouths of lions ,
1	women received their dead by a resurrection : and others were tortured , not accepting their deliverance ; that they might obtain a better resurrection :
1	and others had trial of mockings and scourgings , yea , moreover of bonds and imprisonment :
1	( of whom the world was not worthy ) , wandering in deserts and mountains and caves , and the holes of the earth .
1	and these all , having had witness borne to them through their faith , received not the promise ,
1	god having provided some better thing concerning us , that apart from us they should not be made perfect .
1	for consider him that hath endured such gainsaying of sinners against himself , that ye wax not weary , fainting in your souls .
1	ye have not yet resisted unto blood , striving against sin :
1	and ye have forgotten the exhortation which reasoneth with you as with sons ,
1	for whom the lord loveth he chasteneth ,
1	it is for chastening that ye endure ; god dealeth with you as with sons ; for what son is there whom his father chasteneth not ?
1	but if ye are without chastening , whereof all have been made partakers , then are ye bastards , and not sons .
1	for they indeed for a few days chastened us as seemed good to them ; but he for our profit , that we may be partakers of his holiness .
1	wherefore lift up the hands that hang down , and the palsied knees ;
1	and make straight paths for your feet , that that which is lame be not turned out of the way , but rather be healed .
1	follow after peace with all men , and the sanctification without which no man shall see the lord :
1	lest there be any fornicator , or profane person , as esau , who for one mess of meat sold his own birthright .
1	for ye are not come unto a mount that might be touched , and that burned with fire , and unto blackness , and darkness , and tempest ,
1	and the sound of a trumpet , and the voice of words ; which voice they that heard entreated that no word more should be spoken unto them ;
1	for they could not endure that which was enjoined , if even a beast touch the mountain , it shall be stoned ;
1	and so fearful was the appearance , that moses said , i exceedingly fear and quake :
1	but ye are come unto mount zion , and unto the city of the living god , the heavenly jerusalem , and to innumerable hosts of angels ,
1	and to jesus the mediator of a new covenant , and to the blood of sprinkling that speaketh better than that of abel .
1	wherefore , receiving a kingdom that can not be shaken , let us have grace , whereby we may offer service well-pleasing to god with reverence and awe :
1	for our god is a consuming fire .
1	let love of the brethren continue .
1	forget not to show love unto strangers : for thereby some have entertained angels unawares .
1	remember them that are in bonds , as bound with them ; them that are ill-treated , as being yourselves also in the body .
1	let marriage be had in honor among all , and let the bed be undefiled : for fornicators and adulterers god will judge .
1	so that with good courage we say ,
1	jesus christ is the same yesterday and to-day , yea and for ever .
1	we have an altar , whereof they have no right to eat that serve the tabernacle .
1	for the bodies of those beasts whose blood is brought into the holy place by the high priest as an offering for sin , are burned without the camp .
1	wherefore jesus also , that he might sanctify the people through his own blood , suffered without the gate .
1	let us therefore go forth unto him without the camp , bearing his reproach .
1	for we have not here an abiding city , but we seek after the city which is to come .
1	through him then let us offer up a sacrifice of praise to god continually , that is , the fruit of lips which make confession to his name .
1	but to do good and to communicate forget not : for with such sacrifices god is well pleased .
1	pray for us : for we are persuaded that we have a good conscience , desiring to live honorably in all things .
1	and i exhort you the more exceedingly to do this , that i may be restored to you the sooner .
1	but i exhort you , brethren , bear with the word of exhortation : for i have written unto you in few words .
1	know ye that our brother timothy hath been set at liberty ; with whom , if he come shortly , i will see you .
1	salute all them that have the rule over you , and all the saints . they of italy salute you .
1	grace be with you all . amen .
1	so he went and took gomer the daughter of diblaim ; and she conceived , and bare him a son .
1	and it shall come to pass at that day , that i will break the bow of israel in the valley of jezreel .
1	now when she had weaned lo-ruhamah , she conceived , and bare a son .
1	and jehovah said , call his name lo-ammi ; for ye are not my people , and i will not be your god .
1	say ye unto your brethren , ammi ; and to your sisters , ruhamah .
1	yea , upon her children will i have no mercy ; for they are children of whoredom ;
1	therefore , behold , i will hedge up thy way with thorns , and i will build a wall against her , that she shall not find her paths .
1	and now will i uncover her lewdness in the sight of her lovers , and none shall deliver her out of my hand .
1	i will also cause all her mirth to cease , her feasts , her new moons , and her sabbaths , and all her solemn assemblies .
1	therefore , behold , i will allure her , and bring her into the wilderness , and speak comfortably unto her .
1	and it shall be at that day , saith jehovah , that thou shalt call me ishi , and shalt call me no more baali .
1	for i will take away the names of the baalim out of her mouth , and they shall no more be mentioned by their name .
1	i will even betroth thee unto me in faithfulness ; and thou shalt know jehovah .
1	and it shall come to pass in that day , i will answer , saith jehovah , i will answer the heavens , and they shall answer the earth ;
1	and the earth shall answer the grain , and the new wine , and the oil ; and they shall answer jezreel .
1	so i bought her to me for fifteen pieces of silver , and a homer of barley , and a half-homer of barley ;
1	for the children of israel shall abide many days without king , and without prince , and without sacrifice , and without pillar , and without ephod or teraphim :
1	there is nought but swearing and breaking faith , and killing , and stealing , and committing adultery ; they break out , and blood toucheth blood .
1	yet let no man strive , neither let any man reprove ; for thy people are as they that strive with the priest .
1	and thou shalt stumble in the day , and the prophet also shall stumble with thee in the night ; and i will destroy thy mother .
1	as they were multiplied , so they sinned against me : i will change their glory into shame .
1	they feed on the sin of my people , and set their heart on their iniquity .
1	and it shall be , like people , like priest ; and i will punish them for their ways , and will requite them their doings .
1	whoredom and wine and new wine take away the understanding .
1	for israel hath behaved himself stubbornly , like a stubborn heifer : now will jehovah feed them as a lamb in a large place .
1	ephraim is joined to idols ; let him alone .
1	their drink is become sour ; they play the harlot continually ; her rulers dearly love shame .
1	the wind hath wrapped her up in its wings ; and they shall be put to shame because of their sacrifices .
1	and the revolters are gone deep in making slaughter ; but i am a rebuker of them all .
1	i know ephraim , and israel is not hid from me ; for now , o ephraim , thou hast played the harlot , israel is defiled .
1	their doings will not suffer them to turn unto their god ; for the spirit of whoredom is within them , and they know not jehovah .
1	and the pride of israel doth testify to his face : therefore israel and ephraim shall stumble in their iniquity ; judah also shall stumble with them .
1	they shall go with their flocks and with their herds to seek jehovah ; but they shall not find him : he hath withdrawn himself from them .
1	they have dealt treacherously against jehovah ; for they have borne strange children : now shall the new moon devour them with their fields .
1	blow ye the cornet in gibeah , and the trumpet in ramah : sound an alarm at beth-aven ; behind thee , o benjamin .
1	ephraim shall become a desolation in the day of rebuke : among the tribes of israel have i made known that which shall surely be .
1	the princes of judah are like them that remove the landmark : i will pour out my wrath upon them like water .
1	ephraim is oppressed , he is crushed in judgment ; because he was content to walk after man ’ s command .
1	therefore am i unto ephraim as a moth , and to the house of judah as rottenness .
1	i will go and return to my place , till they acknowledge their offence , and seek my face : in their affliction they will seek me earnestly .
1	after two days will he revive us : on the third day he will raise us up , and we shall live before him .
1	for i desire goodness , and not sacrifice ; and the knowledge of god more than burnt-offerings .
1	but they like adam have transgressed the covenant : there have they dealt treacherously against me .
1	gilead is a city of them that work iniquity ; it is stained with blood .
1	and as troops of robbers wait for a man , so the company of priests murder in the way toward shechem ; yea , they have committed lewdness .
1	in the house of israel i have seen a horrible thing : there whoredom is found in ephraim , israel is defiled .
1	also , o judah , there is a harvest appointed for thee , when i bring back the captivity of my people .
1	and they consider not in their hearts that i remember all their wickedness : now have their own doings beset them about ; they are before my face .
1	they make the king glad with their wickedness , and the princes with their lies .
1	on the day of our king the princes made themselves sick with the heat of wine ; he stretched out his hand with scoffers .
1	they are all hot as an oven , and devour their judges ; all their kings are fallen : there is none among them that calleth unto me .
1	ephraim , he mixeth himself among the peoples ; ephraim is a cake not turned .
1	strangers have devoured his strength , and he knoweth it not : yea , gray hairs are here and there upon him , and he knoweth it not .
1	and the pride of israel doth testify to his face : yet they have not returned unto jehovah their god , nor sought him , for all this .
1	and ephraim is like a silly dove , without understanding : they call unto egypt , they go to assyria .
1	though i have taught and strengthened their arms , yet do they devise mischief against me .
1	they shall cry unto me , my god , we israel know thee .
1	israel hath cast off that which is good : the enemy shall pursue him .
1	he hath cast off thy calf , o samaria ; mine anger is kindled against them : how long will it be ere they attain to innocency ?
1	for from israel is even this ; the workman made it , and it is no god ; yea , the calf of samaria shall be broken in pieces .
1	israel is swallowed up : now are they among the nations as a vessel wherein none delighteth .
1	for they are gone up to assyria , like a wild ass alone by himself : ephraim hath hired lovers .
1	because ephraim hath multiplied altars for sinning , altars have been unto him for sinning .
1	i wrote for him the ten thousand things of my law ; but they are counted as a strange thing .
1	the threshing-floor and the winepress shall not feed them , and the new wine shall fail her .
1	they shall not dwell in jehovah ’ s land ; but ephraim shall return to egypt , and they shall eat unclean food in assyria .
1	what will ye do in the day of solemn assembly , and in the day of the feast of jehovah ?
1	they have deeply corrupted themselves , as in the days of gibeah : he will remember their iniquity , he will visit their sins .
1	as for ephraim , their glory shall fly away like a bird : there shall be no birth , and none with child , and no conception .
1	ephraim , like as i have seen tyre , is planted in a pleasant place : but ephraim shall bring out his children to the slayer .
1	give them , o jehovah—what wilt thou give ? give them a miscarrying womb and dry breasts .
1	my god will cast them away , because they did not hearken unto him ; and they shall be wanderers among the nations .
1	their heart is divided ; now shall they be found guilty : he will smite their altars , he will destroy their pillars .
1	surely now shall they say , we have no king ; for we fear not jehovah ; and the king , what can he do for us ?
1	they speak vain words , swearing falsely in making covenants : therefore judgment springeth up as hemlock in the furrows of the field .
1	it also shall be carried unto assyria for a present to king jareb : ephraim shall receive shame , and israel shall be ashamed of his own counsel .
1	as for samaria , her king is cut off , as foam upon the water .
1	o israel , thou hast sinned from the days of gibeah : there they stood ; the battle against the children of iniquity doth not overtake them in gibeah .
1	when it is my desire , i will chastise them ; and the peoples shall be gathered against them , when they are bound to their two transgressions .
1	so shall beth-el do unto you because of your great wickedness : at daybreak shall the king of israel be utterly cut off .
1	when israel was a child , then i loved him , and called my son out of egypt .
1	the more the prophets called them , the more they went from them : they sacrificed unto the baalim , and burned incense to graven images .
1	yet i taught ephraim to walk ; i took them on my arms ; but they knew not that i healed them .
1	they shall not return into the land of egypt ; but the assyrian shall be their king , because they refused to return to me .
1	and the sword shall fall upon their cities , and shall consume their bars , and devour them , because of their own counsels .
1	and my people are bent on backsliding from me : though they call them to him that is on high , none at all will exalt him .
1	they shall walk after jehovah , who will roar like a lion ; for he will roar , and the children shall come trembling from the west .
1	ephraim compasseth me about with falsehood , and the house of israel with deceit ; but judah yet ruleth with god , and is faithful with the holy one .
1	jehovah hath also a controversy with judah , and will punish jacob according to his ways ; according to his doings will he recompense him .
1	in the womb he took his brother by the heel ; and in his manhood he had power with god :
1	even jehovah , the god of hosts ; jehovah is his memorial name .
1	therefore turn thou to thy god : keep kindness and justice , and wait for thy god continually .
1	he is a trafficker , the balances of deceit are in his hand : he loveth to oppress .
1	i have also spoken unto the prophets , and i have multiplied visions ; and by the ministry of the prophets have i used similitudes .
1	is gilead iniquity ? they are altogether false ; in gilgal they sacrifice bullocks ; yea , their altars are as heaps in the furrows of the field .
1	and jacob fled into the field of aram , and israel served for a wife , and for a wife he kept sheep .
1	and by a prophet jehovah brought israel up out of egypt , and by a prophet was he preserved .
1	ephraim hath provoked to anger most bitterly : therefore shall his blood be left upon him , and his reproach shall his lord return unto him .
1	when ephraim spake , there was trembling ; he exalted himself in israel ; but when he offended in baal , he died .
1	yet i am jehovah thy god from the land of egypt ; and thou shalt know no god but me , and besides me there is no saviour .
1	i did know thee in the wilderness , in the land of great drought .
1	according to their pasture , so were they filled ; they were filled , and their heart was exalted : therefore have they forgotten me .
1	therefore am i unto them as a lion ; as a leopard will i watch by the way ;
1	it is thy destruction , o israel , that thou art against me , against thy help .
1	i have given thee a king in mine anger , and have taken him away in my wrath .
1	the iniquity of ephraim is bound up ; his sin is laid up in store .
1	o israel , return unto jehovah thy god ; for thou hast fallen by thine iniquity .
1	i will heal their backsliding , i will love them freely ; for mine anger is turned away from him .
1	i will be as the dew unto israel ; he shall blossom as the lily , and cast forth his roots as lebanon .
1	his branches shall spread , and his beauty shall be as the olive-tree , and his smell as lebanon .
1	the ox knoweth his owner , and the ass his master ’ s crib ; but israel doth not know , my people doth not consider .
1	why will ye be still stricken , that ye revolt more and more ? the whole head is sick , and the whole heart faint .
1	and the daughter of zion is left as a booth in a vineyard , as a lodge in a garden of cucumbers , as a besieged city .
1	except jehovah of hosts had left unto us a very small remnant , we should have been as sodom , we should have been like unto gomorrah .
1	hear the word of jehovah , ye rulers of sodom ; give ear unto the law of our god , ye people of gomorrah .
1	when ye come to appear before me , who hath required this at your hand , to trample my courts ?
1	your new moons and your appointed feasts my soul hateth ; they are a trouble unto me ; i am weary of bearing them .
1	wash you , make you clean ; put away the evil of your doings from before mine eyes ; cease to do evil ;
1	learn to do well ; seek justice , relieve the oppressed , judge the fatherless , plead for the widow .
1	if ye be willing and obedient , ye shall eat the good of the land :
1	but if ye refuse and rebel , ye shall be devoured with the sword ; for the mouth of jehovah hath spoken it .
1	how is the faithful city become a harlot ! she that was full of justice ! righteousness lodged in her , but now murderers .
1	thy silver is become dross , thy wine mixed with water .
1	and i will turn my hand upon thee , and thoroughly purge away thy dross , and will take away all thy tin ;
1	zion shall be redeemed with justice , and her converts with righteousness .
1	but the destruction of transgressors and sinners shall be together , and they that forsake jehovah shall be consumed .
1	for they shall be ashamed of the oaks which ye have desired , and ye shall be confounded for the gardens that ye have chosen .
1	for ye shall be as an oak whose leaf fadeth , and as a garden that hath no water .
1	and the strong shall be as tow , and his work as a spark ; and they shall both burn together , and none shall quench them .
1	the word that isaiah the son of amoz saw concerning judah and jerusalem .
1	o house of jacob , come ye , and let us walk in the light of jehovah .
1	their land also is full of idols ; they worship the work of their own hands , that which their own fingers have made .
1	and the mean man is bowed down , and the great man is brought low : therefore forgive them not .
1	enter into the rock , and hide thee in the dust , from before the terror of jehovah , and from the glory of his majesty .
1	the lofty looks of man shall be brought low , and the haughtiness of men shall be bowed down , and jehovah alone shall be exalted in that day .
1	and upon all the cedars of lebanon , that are high and lifted up , and upon all the oaks of bashan ,
1	and upon all the high mountains , and upon all the hills that are lifted up ,
1	and upon every lofty tower , and upon every fortified wall ,
1	and upon all the ships of tarshish , and upon all pleasant imagery .
1	and the loftiness of man shall be bowed down , and the haughtiness of men shall be brought low ; and jehovah alone shall be exalted in that day .
1	and the idols shall utterly pass away .
1	cease ye from man , whose breath is in his nostrils ; for wherein is he to be accounted of ?
1	the mighty man , and the man of war ; the judge , and the prophet , and the diviner , and the elder ;
1	the captain of fifty , and the honorable man , and the counsellor , and the expert artificer , and the skilful enchanter .
1	and i will give children to be their princes , and babes shall rule over them .
1	for jerusalem is ruined , and judah is fallen ; because their tongue and their doings are against jehovah , to provoke the eyes of his glory .
1	say ye of the righteous , that it shall be well with him ; for they shall eat the fruit of their doings .
1	woe unto the wicked ! it shall be ill with him ; for what his hands have done shall be done unto him .
1	jehovah standeth up to contend , and standeth to judge the peoples .
1	what mean ye that ye crush my people , and grind the face of the poor ? saith the lord , jehovah of hosts .
1	therefore the lord will smite with a scab the crown of the head of the daughters of zion , and jehovah will lay bare their secret parts .
1	in that day the lord will take away the beauty of their anklets , and the cauls , and the crescents ;
1	the pendants , and the bracelets , and the mufflers ;
1	the headtires , and the ankle chains , and the sashes , and the perfume-boxes , and the amulets ;
1	the rings , and the nose-jewels ;
1	the festival robes , and the mantles , and the shawls , and the satchels ;
1	the hand-mirrors , and the fine linen , and the turbans , and the veils .
1	thy men shall fall by the sword , and thy mighty in the war .
1	and her gates shall lament and mourn ; and she shall be desolate and sit upon the ground .
1	and there shall be a pavilion for a shade in the day-time from the heat , and for a refuge and for a covert from storm and from rain .
1	let me sing for my wellbeloved a song of my beloved touching his vineyard . my wellbeloved had a vineyard in a very fruitful hill :
1	and now , o inhabitants of jerusalem and men of judah , judge , i pray you , betwixt me and my vineyard .
1	in mine ears saith jehovah of hosts , of a truth many houses shall be desolate , even great and fair , without inhabitant .
1	for ten acres of vineyard shall yield one bath , and a homer of seed shall yield but an ephah .
1	woe unto them that rise up early in the morning , that they may follow strong drink ; that tarry late into the night , till wine inflame them !
1	therefore my people are gone into captivity for lack of knowledge ; and their honorable men are famished , and their multitude are parched with thirst .
1	and the mean man is bowed down , and the great man is humbled , and the eyes of the lofty are humbled :
1	but jehovah of hosts is exalted in justice , and god the holy one is sanctified in righteousness .
1	then shall the lambs feed as in their pasture , and the waste places of the fat ones shall wanderers eat .
1	woe unto them that draw iniquity with cords of falsehood , and sin as it were with a cart rope ;
1	woe unto them that are wise in their own eyes , and prudent in their own sight !
1	woe unto them that are mighty to drink wine , and men of strength to mingle strong drink ;
1	that justify the wicked for a bribe , and take away the righteousness of the righteous from him !
1	whose arrows are sharp , and all their bows bent ; their horses ’ hoofs shall be accounted as flint , and their wheels as a whirlwind :
1	in the year that king uzziah died i saw the lord sitting upon a throne , high and lifted up ; and his train filled the temple .
1	and one cried unto another , and said , holy , holy , holy , is jehovah of hosts : the whole earth is full of his glory .
1	and the foundations of the thresholds shook at the voice of him that cried , and the house was filled with smoke .
1	then flew one of the seraphim unto me , having a live coal in his hand , which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar :
1	and he said , go , and tell this people , hear ye indeed , but understand not ; and see ye indeed , but perceive not .
1	and jehovah have removed men far away , and the forsaken places be many in the midst of the land .
1	because syria , ephraim , and the son of remaliah , have purposed evil against thee , saying ,
1	thus saith the lord jehovah , it shall not stand , neither shall it come to pass .
1	and jehovah spake again unto ahaz , saying ,
1	ask thee a sign of jehovah thy god ; ask it either in the depth , or in the height above .
1	but ahaz said , i will not ask , neither will i tempt jehovah .
1	therefore the lord himself will give you a sign : behold , a virgin shall conceive , and bear a son , and shall call his name immanuel .
1	butter and honey shall he eat , when he knoweth to refuse the evil , and choose the good .
1	for before the child shall know to refuse the evil , and choose the good , the land whose two kings thou abhorrest shall be forsaken .
1	and it shall come to pass in that day , that a man shall keep alive a young cow , and two sheep ;
1	with arrows and with bow shall one come thither , because all the land shall be briers and thorns .
1	and jehovah said unto me , take thee a great tablet , and write upon it with the pen of a man , for maher-shalal-hash-baz ;
1	and i will take unto me faithful witnesses to record , uriah the priest , and zechariah the son of jeberechiah .
1	and i went unto the prophetess ; and she conceived , and bare a son . then said jehovah unto me , call his name maher-shalal-hash-baz .
1	and jehovah spake unto me yet again , saying ,
1	forasmuch as this people have refused the waters of shiloah that go softly , and rejoice in rezin and remaliah ’ s son ;
1	take counsel together , and it shall be brought to nought ; speak the word , and it shall not stand : for god is with us .
1	for jehovah spake thus to me with a strong hand , and instructed me not to walk in the way of this people , saying ,
1	say ye not , a conspiracy , concerning all whereof this people shall say , a conspiracy ; neither fear ye their fear , nor be in dread thereof .
1	jehovah of hosts , him shall ye sanctify ; and let him be your fear , and let him be your dread .
1	and many shall stumble thereon , and fall , and be broken , and be snared , and be taken .
1	bind thou up the testimony , seal the law among my disciples .
1	and i will wait for jehovah , that hideth his face from the house of jacob , and i will look for him .
1	behold , i and the children whom jehovah hath given me are for signs and for wonders in israel from jehovah of hosts , who dwelleth in mount zion .
1	to the law and to the testimony ! if they speak not according to this word , surely there is no morning for them .
1	for the yoke of his burden , and the staff of his shoulder , the rod of his oppressor , thou hast broken as in the day of midian .
1	for all the armor of the armed man in the tumult , and the garments rolled in blood , shall be for burning , for fuel of fire .
1	the lord sent a word into jacob , and it hath lighted upon israel .
1	and all the people shall know , even ephraim and the inhabitant of samaria , that say in pride and in stoutness of heart ,
1	the bricks are fallen , but we will build with hewn stone ; the sycomores are cut down , but we will put cedars in their place .
1	therefore jehovah will set up on high against him the adversaries of rezin , and will stir up his enemies ,
1	yet the people have not turned unto him that smote them , neither have they sought jehovah of hosts .
1	therefore jehovah will cut off from israel head and tail , palm-branch and rush , in one day .
1	the elder and the honorable man , he is the head ; and the prophet that teacheth lies , he is the tail .
1	for they that lead this people cause them to err ; and they that are led of them are destroyed .
1	through the wrath of jehovah of hosts is the land burnt up ; and the people are as the fuel of fire : no man spareth his brother .
1	woe unto them that decree unrighteous decrees , and to the writers that write perverseness ;
1	ho assyrian , the rod of mine anger , the staff in whose hand is mine indignation !
1	for he saith , are not my princes all of them kings ?
1	is not calno as carchemish ? is not hamath as arpad ? is not samaria as damascus ?
1	as my hand hath found the kingdoms of the idols , whose graven images did excel them of jerusalem and of samaria ;
1	shall i not , as i have done unto samaria and her idols , so do to jerusalem and her idols ?
1	and the remnant of the trees of his forest shall be few , so that a child may write them .
1	a remnant shall return , even the remnant of jacob , unto the mighty god .
1	for a full end , and that determined , will the lord , jehovah of hosts , make in the midst of all the earth .
1	for yet a very little while , and the indignation against thee shall be accomplished , and mine anger shall be directed to his destruction .
1	he is come to aiath , he is passed through migron ; at michmash he layeth up his baggage ;
1	they are gone over the pass ; they have taken up their lodging at geba ; ramah trembleth ; gibeah of saul is fled .
1	cry aloud with thy voice , o daughter of gallim ! hearken , o laishah ! o thou poor anathoth !
1	madmenah is a fugitive ; the inhabitants of gebim flee for safety .
1	this very day shall he halt at nob : he shaketh his hand at the mount of the daughter of zion , the hill of jerusalem .
1	and he will cut down the thickets of the forest with iron , and lebanon shall fall by a mighty one .
1	and there shall come forth a shoot out of the stock of jesse , and a branch out of his roots shall bear fruit .
1	and righteousness shall be the girdle of his waist , and faithfulness the girdle of his loins .
1	and the cow and the bear shall feed ; their young ones shall lie down together ; and the lion shall eat straw like the ox .
1	and the sucking child shall play on the hole of the asp , and the weaned child shall put his hand on the adder ’ s den .
1	therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation .
1	sing unto jehovah ; for he hath done excellent things : let this be known in all the earth .
1	cry aloud and shout , thou inhabitant of zion ; for great in the midst of thee is the holy one of israel .
1	the burden of babylon , which isaiah the son of amoz did see .
1	i have commanded my consecrated ones , yea , i have called my mighty men for mine anger , even my proudly exulting ones .
1	they come from a far country , from the uttermost part of heaven , even jehovah , and the weapons of his indignation , to destroy the whole land .
1	wail ye ; for the day of jehovah is at hand ; as destruction from the almighty shall it come .
1	therefore shall all hands be feeble , and every heart of man shall melt :
1	i will make a man more rare than fine gold , even a man than the pure gold of ophir .
1	every one that is found shall be thrust through ; and every one that is taken shall fall by the sword .
1	their infants also shall be dashed in pieces before their eyes ; their houses shall be rifled , and their wives ravished .
1	behold , i will stir up the medes against them , who shall not regard silver , and as for gold , they shall not delight in it .
1	and babylon , the glory of kingdoms , the beauty of the chaldeans ’ pride , shall be as when god overthrew sodom and gomorrah .
1	that thou shalt take up this parable against the king of babylon , and say , how hath the oppressor ceased ! the golden city ceased !
1	jehovah hath broken the staff of the wicked , the sceptre of the rulers ;
1	that smote the peoples in wrath with a continual stroke , that ruled the nations in anger , with a persecution that none restrained .
1	the whole earth is at rest , and is quiet : they break forth into singing .
1	yea , the fir-trees rejoice at thee , and the cedars of lebanon , saying , since thou art laid low , no hewer is come up against us .
1	all they shall answer and say unto thee , art thou also become weak as we ? art thou become like unto us ?
1	thy pomp is brought down to sheol , and the noise of thy viols : the worm is spread under thee , and worms cover thee .
1	i will ascend above the heights of the clouds ; i will make myself like the most high .
1	yet thou shalt be brought down to sheol , to the uttermost parts of the pit .
1	that made the world as a wilderness , and overthrew the cities thereof ; that let not loose his prisoners to their home ?
1	all the kings of the nations , all of them , sleep in glory , every one in his own house .
1	this is the purpose that is purposed upon the whole earth ; and this is the hand that is stretched out upon all the nations .
1	for jehovah of hosts hath purposed , and who shall annul it ? and his hand is stretched out , and who shall turn it back ?
1	in the year that king ahaz died was this burden .
1	what then shall one answer the messengers of the nation ? that jehovah hath founded zion , and in her shall the afflicted of his people take refuge .
1	the burden of moab .
1	in their streets they gird themselves with sackcloth ; on their housetops , and in their broad places , every one waileth , weeping abundantly .
1	for the waters of nimrim shall be desolate ; for the grass is withered away , the tender grass faileth , there is no green thing .
1	therefore the abundance they have gotten , and that which they have laid up , shall they carry away over the brook of the willows .
1	for the cry is gone round about the borders of moab ; the wailing thereof unto eglaim , and the wailing thereof unto beer-elim .
1	send ye the lambs for the ruler of the land from selah to the wilderness , unto the mount of the daughter of zion .
1	for it shall be that , as wandering birds , as a scattered nest , so shall the daughters of moab be at the fords of the arnon .
1	give counsel , execute justice ; make thy shade as the night in the midst of the noonday ; hide the outcasts ; betray not the fugitive .
1	therefore shall moab wail for moab , every one shall wail : for the raisin-cakes of kir-hareseth shall ye mourn , utterly stricken .
1	wherefore my heart soundeth like a harp for moab , and mine inward parts for kir-heres .
1	this is the word that jehovah spake concerning moab in time past .
1	the burden of damascus .
1	the cities of aroer are forsaken ; they shall be for flocks , which shall lie down , and none shall make them afraid .
1	and it shall come to pass in that day , that the glory of jacob shall be made thin , and the fatness of his flesh shall wax lean .
1	in that day shall men look unto their maker , and their eyes shall have respect to the holy one of israel .
1	ah , the land of the rustling of wings , which is beyond the rivers of ethiopia ;
1	the burden of egypt .
1	and the waters shall fail from the sea , and the river shall be wasted and become dry .
1	and the rivers shall become foul ; the streams of egypt shall be diminished and dried up ; the reeds and flags shall wither away .
1	and the fishers shall lament , and all they that cast angle into the nile shall mourn , and they that spread nets upon the waters shall languish .
1	moreover they that work in combed flax , and they that weave white cloth , shall be confounded .
1	and the pillars of egypt shall be broken in pieces ; all they that work for hire shall be grieved in soul .
1	where then are thy wise men ? and let them tell thee now ; and let them know what jehovah of hosts hath purposed concerning egypt .
1	neither shall there be for egypt any work , which head or tail , palm-branch or rush , may do .
1	in that day shall there be an altar to jehovah in the midst of the land of egypt , and a pillar at the border thereof to jehovah .
1	and jehovah will smite egypt , smiting and healing ; and they shall return unto jehovah , and he will be entreated of them , and will heal them .
1	in that day shall israel be the third with egypt and with assyria , a blessing in the midst of the earth ;
1	for that jehovah of hosts hath blessed them , saying , blessed be egypt my people , and assyria the work of my hands , and israel mine inheritance .
1	in the year that tartan came unto ashdod , when sargon the king of assyria sent him , and he fought against ashdod and took it ;
1	and jehovah said , like as my servant isaiah hath walked naked and barefoot three years for a sign and a wonder concerning egypt and concerning ethiopia ;
1	and they shall be dismayed and confounded , because of ethiopia their expectation , and of egypt their glory .
1	the burden of the wilderness of the sea .
1	my heart fluttereth , horror hath affrighted me ; the twilight that i desired hath been turned into trembling unto me .
1	they prepare the table , they set the watch , they eat , they drink : rise up , ye princes , anoint the shield .
1	for thus hath the lord said unto me , go , set a watchman ; let him declare what he seeth :
1	and when he seeth a troop , horsemen in pairs , a troop of asses , a troop of camels , he shall hearken diligently with much heed .
1	and he cried as a lion : o lord , i stand continually upon the watch-tower in the day-time , and am set in my ward whole nights ;
1	the burden of dumah .
1	the watchman said , the morning cometh , and also the night : if ye will inquire , inquire ye : turn ye , come .
1	the burden upon arabia .
1	unto him that was thirsty they brought water ; the inhabitants of the land of tema did meet the fugitives with their bread .
1	for they fled away from the swords , from the drawn sword , and from the bent bow , and from the grievousness of war .
1	for thus hath the lord said unto me , within a year , according to the years of a hireling , all the glory of kedar shall fail ;
1	the burden of the valley of vision .
1	all thy rulers fled away together , they were bound by the archers ; all that were found of thee were bound together ; they fled afar off .
1	therefore said i , look away from me , i will weep bitterly ; labor not to comfort me for the destruction of the daughter of my people .
1	and elam bare the quiver , with chariots of men and horsemen ; and kir uncovered the shield .
1	and it came to pass , that thy choicest valleys were full of chariots , and the horsemen set themselves in array at the gate .
1	and he took away the covering of judah ; and thou didst look in that day to the armor in the house of the forest .
1	and ye saw the breaches of the city of david , that they were many ; and ye gathered together the waters of the lower pool ;
1	and ye numbered the houses of jerusalem , and ye brake down the houses to fortify the wall ;
1	and in that day did the lord , jehovah of hosts , call to weeping , and to mourning , and to baldness , and to girding with sackcloth :
1	and jehovah of hosts revealed himself in mine ears , surely this iniquity shall not be forgiven you till ye die , saith the lord , jehovah of hosts .
1	thus saith the lord , jehovah of hosts , go , get thee unto this treasurer , even unto shebna , who is over the house , and say ,
1	behold , jehovah , like a strong man , will hurl thee away violently ; yea , he will wrap thee up closely .
1	and i will thrust thee from thine office ; and from thy station shalt thou be pulled down .
1	and it shall come to pass in that day , that i will call my servant eliakim the son of hilkiah :
1	and i will fasten him as a nail in a sure place ; and he shall be for a throne of glory to his father ’ s house .
1	the burden of tyre .
1	be still , ye inhabitants of the coast , thou whom the merchants of sidon , that pass over the sea , have replenished .
1	and on great waters the seed of the shihor , the harvest of the nile , was her revenue ; and she was the mart of nations .
1	when the report cometh to egypt , they shall be sorely pained at the report of tyre .
1	pass ye over to tarshish ; wail , ye inhabitants of the coast .
1	is this your joyous city , whose antiquity is of ancient days , whose feet carried her afar off to sojourn ?
1	who hath purposed this against tyre , the bestower of crowns , whose merchants are princes , whose traffickers are the honorable of the earth ?
1	jehovah of hosts hath purposed it , to stain the pride of all glory , to bring into contempt all the honorable of the earth .
1	pass through thy land as the nile , o daughter of tarshish ; there is no restraint any more .
1	he hath stretched out his hand over the sea , he hath shaken the kingdoms : jehovah hath given commandment concerning canaan , to destroy the strongholds thereof .
1	howl , ye ships of tarshish ; for your stronghold is laid waste .
1	take a harp , go about the city , thou harlot that hast been forgotten ; make sweet melody , sing many songs , that thou mayest be remembered .
1	behold , jehovah maketh the earth empty , and maketh it waste , and turneth it upside down , and scattereth abroad the inhabitants thereof .
1	the earth shall be utterly emptied , and utterly laid waste ; for jehovah hath spoken this word .
1	the earth mourneth and fadeth away , the world languisheth and fadeth away , the lofty people of the earth do languish .
1	the earth also is polluted under the inhabitants thereof ; because they have transgressed the laws , violated the statutes , broken the everlasting covenant .
1	the new wine mourneth , the vine languisheth , all the merry-hearted do sigh .
1	the mirth of tabrets ceaseth , the noise of them that rejoice endeth , the joy of the harp ceaseth .
1	they shall not drink wine with a song ; strong drink shall be bitter to them that drink it .
1	the waste city is broken down ; every house is shut up , that no man may come in .
1	there is a crying in the streets because of the wine ; all joy is darkened , the mirth of the land is gone .
1	in the city is left desolation , and the gate is smitten with destruction .
1	these shall lift up their voice , they shall shout ; for the majesty of jehovah they cry aloud from the sea .
1	wherefore glorify ye jehovah in the east , even the name of jehovah , the god of israel , in the isles of the sea .
1	from the uttermost part of the earth have we heard songs : glory to the righteous .
1	fear , and the pit , and the snare , are upon thee , o inhabitant of the earth .
1	the earth is utterly broken , the earth is rent asunder , the earth is shaken violently .
1	therefore shall a strong people glorify thee ; a city of terrible nations shall fear thee .
1	and he will destroy in this mountain the face of the covering that covereth all peoples , and the veil that is spread over all nations .
1	and the high fortress of thy walls hath he brought down , laid low , and brought to the ground , even to the dust .
1	in that day shall this song be sung in the land of judah : we have a strong city ; salvation will he appoint for walls and bulwarks .
1	open ye the gates , that the righteous nation which keepeth faith may enter in .
1	thou wilt keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee ; because he trusteth in thee .
1	trust ye in jehovah for ever ; for in jehovah , even jehovah , is an everlasting rock .
1	the foot shall tread it down ; even the feet of the poor , and the steps of the needy .
1	the way of the just is uprightness : thou that art upright dost direct the path of the just .
1	jehovah , thou wilt ordain peace for us ; for thou hast also wrought all our works for us .
1	o jehovah our god , other lords besides thee have had dominion over us ; but by thee only will we make mention of thy name .
1	thou hast increased the nation , o jehovah , thou hast increased the nation ; thou art glorified ; thou hast enlarged all the borders of the land .
1	jehovah , in trouble have they visited thee ; they poured out a prayer when thy chastening was upon them .
1	in that day : a vineyard of wine , sing ye unto it .
1	i jehovah am its keeper ; i will water it every moment : lest any hurt it , i will keep it night and day .
1	wrath is not in me : would that the briers and thorns were against me in battle ! i would march upon them , i would burn them together .
1	or else let him take hold of my strength , that he may make peace with me ; yea , let him make peace with me .
1	in days to come shall jacob take root ; israel shall blossom and bud ; and they shall fill the face of the world with fruit .
1	hath he smitten them as he smote those that smote them ? or are they slain according to the slaughter of them that were slain by them ?
1	the crown of pride of the drunkards of ephraim shall be trodden under foot :
1	in that day will jehovah of hosts become a crown of glory , and a diadem of beauty , unto the residue of his people ;
1	and a spirit of justice to him that sitteth in judgment , and strength to them that turn back the battle at the gate .
1	for all tables are full of vomit and filthiness , so that there is no place clean .
1	whom will he teach knowledge ? and whom will he make to understand the message ? them that are weaned from the milk , and drawn from the breasts ?
1	for it is precept upon precept , precept upon precept ; line upon line , line upon line ; here a little , there a little .
1	nay , but by men of strange lips and with another tongue will he speak to this people ;
1	wherefore hear the word of jehovah , ye scoffers , that rule this people that is in jerusalem :
1	for the bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself on it ; and the covering narrower than that he can wrap himself in it .
1	give ye ear , and hear my voice ; hearken , and hear my speech .
1	doth he that ploweth to sow plow continually ? doth he continually open and harrow his ground ?
1	for his god doth instruct him aright , and doth teach him .
1	this also cometh forth from jehovah of hosts , who is wonderful in counsel , and excellent in wisdom .
1	ho ariel , ariel , the city where david encamped ! add ye year to year ; let the feasts come round :
1	then will i distress ariel , and there shall be mourning and lamentation ; and she shall be unto me as ariel .
1	and i will encamp against thee round about , and will lay siege against thee with posted troops , and i will raise siege works against thee .
1	tarry ye and wonder ; take your pleasure and be blind : they are drunken , but not with wine ; they stagger , but not with strong drink .
1	and the book is delivered to him that is not learned , saying , read this , i pray thee ; and he saith , i am not learned .
1	is it not yet a very little while , and lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field , and the fruitful field shall be esteemed as a forest ?
1	and in that day shall the deaf hear the words of the book , and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity and out of darkness .
1	the meek also shall increase their joy in jehovah , and the poor among men shall rejoice in the holy one of israel .
1	for the terrible one is brought to nought , and the scoffer ceaseth , and all they that watch for iniquity are cut off ;
1	therefore thus saith jehovah , who redeemed abraham , concerning the house of jacob : jacob shall not now be ashamed , neither shall his face now wax pale .
1	they also that err in spirit shall come to understanding , and they that murmur shall receive instruction .
1	therefore shall the strength of pharaoh be your shame , and the refuge in the shadow of egypt your confusion .
1	for their princes are at zoan , and their ambassadors are come to hanes .
1	the burden of the beasts of the south .
1	for egypt helpeth in vain , and to no purpose : therefore have i called her rahab that sitteth still .
1	for it is a rebellious people , lying children , children that will not hear the law of jehovah ;
1	that say to the seers , see not ; and to the prophets , prophesy not unto us right things , speak unto us smooth things , prophesy deceits ,
1	get you out of the way , turn aside out of the path , cause the holy one of israel to cease from before us .
1	wherefore thus saith the holy one of israel , because ye despise this word , and trust in oppression and perverseness , and rely thereon ;
1	therefore this iniquity shall be to you as a breach ready to fall , swelling out in a high wall , whose breaking cometh suddenly in an instant .
1	the oxen likewise and the young asses that till the ground shall eat savory provender , which hath been winnowed with the shovel and with the fork .
1	for through the voice of jehovah shall the assyrian be dismayed ; with his rod will he smite him .
1	as birds hovering , so will jehovah of hosts protect jerusalem ; he will protect and deliver it , he will pass over and preserve it .
1	turn ye unto him from whom ye have deeply revolted , o children of israel .
1	behold , a king shall reign in righteousness , and princes shall rule in justice .
1	and the eyes of them that see shall not be dim , and the ears of them that hear shall hearken .
1	and the heart of the rash shall understand knowledge , and the tongue of the stammerers shall be ready to speak plainly .
1	the fool shall be no more called noble , nor the churl said to be bountiful .
1	and the instruments of the churl are evil : he deviseth wicked devices to destroy the meek with lying words , even when the needy speaketh right .
1	but the noble deviseth noble things ; and in noble things shall he continue .
1	rise up , ye women that are at ease , and hear my voice ; ye careless daughters , give ear unto my speech .
1	for days beyond a year shall ye be troubled , ye careless women ; for the vintage shall fail , the ingathering shall not come .
1	they shall smite upon the breasts for the pleasant fields , for the fruitful vine .
1	upon the land of my people shall come up thorns and briers ; yea , upon all the houses of joy in the joyous city .
1	until the spirit be poured upon us from on high , and the wilderness become a fruitful field , and the fruitful field be esteemed as a forest .
1	then justice shall dwell in the wilderness ; and righteousness shall abide in the fruitful field .
1	and the work of righteousness shall be peace ; and the effect of righteousness , quietness and confidence for ever .
1	and my people shall abide in a peaceable habitation , and in safe dwellings , and in quiet resting-places .
1	but it shall hail in the downfall of the forest ; and the city shall be utterly laid low .
1	blessed are ye that sow beside all waters , that send forth the feet of the ox and the ass .
1	o jehovah , be gracious unto us ; we have waited for thee : be thou our arm every morning , our salvation also in the time of trouble .
1	at the noise of the tumult the peoples are fled ; at the lifting up of thyself the nations are scattered .
1	and your spoil shall be gathered as the caterpillar gathereth : as locusts leap shall men leap upon it .
1	jehovah is exalted ; for he dwelleth on high : he hath filled zion with justice and righteousness .
1	and there shall be stability in thy times , abundance of salvation , wisdom , and knowledge : the fear of jehovah is thy treasure .
1	behold , their valiant ones cry without ; the ambassadors of peace weep bitterly .
1	the highways lie waste , the wayfaring man ceaseth : the enemy hath broken the covenant , he hath despised the cities , he regardeth not man .
1	the land mourneth and languisheth ; lebanon is confounded and withereth away ; sharon is like a desert ; and bashan and carmel shake off their leaves .
1	now will i arise , saith jehovah ; now will i lift up myself ; now will i be exalted .
1	ye shall conceive chaff , ye shall bring forth stubble : your breath is a fire that shall devour you .
1	and the peoples shall be as the burnings of lime , as thorns cut down , that are burned in the fire .
1	hear , ye that are far off , what i have done ; and , ye that are near , acknowledge my might .
1	he shall dwell on high ; his place of defence shall be the munitions of rocks ; his bread shall be given him ; his waters shall be sure .
1	thine eyes shall see the king in his beauty : they shall behold a land that reacheth afar .
1	thy heart shall muse on the terror : where is he that counted , where is he that weighed the tribute ? where is he that counted the towers ?
1	thou shalt not see the fierce people , a people of a deep speech that thou canst not comprehend , of a strange tongue that thou canst not understand .
1	for jehovah is our judge , jehovah is our lawgiver , jehovah is our king ; he will save us .
1	and the inhabitant shall not say , i am sick : the people that dwell therein shall be forgiven their iniquity .
1	for jehovah hath indignation against all the nations , and wrath against all their host : he hath utterly destroyed them , he hath delivered them to the slaughter .
1	their slain also shall be cast out , and the stench of their dead bodies shall come up ; and the mountains shall be melted with their blood .
1	for my sword hath drunk its fill in heaven : behold , it shall come down upon edom , and upon the people of my curse , to judgment .
1	for jehovah hath a day of vengeance , a year of recompense for the cause of zion .
1	and the streams of edom shall be turned into pitch , and the dust thereof into brimstone , and the land thereof shall become burning pitch .
1	they shall call the nobles thereof to the kingdom , but none shall be there ; and all its princes shall be nothing .
1	the wilderness and the dry land shall be glad ; and the desert shall rejoice , and blossom as the rose .
1	strengthen ye the weak hands , and confirm the feeble knees .
1	then the eyes of the blind shall be opened , and the ears of the deaf shall be unstopped .
1	no lion shall be there , nor shall any ravenous beast go up thereon ; they shall not be found there ; but the redeemed shall walk there :
1	i say , thy counsel and strength for the war are but vain words : now on whom dost thou trust , that thou hast rebelled against me ?
1	and am i now come up without jehovah against this land to destroy it ? jehovah said unto me , go up against this land , and destroy it .
1	thus saith the king , let not hezekiah deceive you ; for he will not be able to deliver you :
1	until i come and take you away to a land like your own land , a land of grain and new wine , a land of bread and vineyards .
1	where are the gods of hamath and arpad ? where are the gods of sepharvaim ? and have they delivered samaria out of my hand ?
1	but they held their peace , and answered him not a word ; for the king ’ s commandment was , saying , answer him not .
1	so the servants of king hezekiah came to isaiah .
1	so rabshakeh returned , and found the king of assyria warring against libnah ; for he had heard that he was departed from lachish .
1	behold , thou hast heard what the kings of assyria have done to all lands , by destroying them utterly : and shalt thou be delivered ?
1	where is the king of hamath , and the king of arpad , and the king of the city of sepharvaim , of hena , and ivvah ?
1	and hezekiah prayed unto jehovah , saying ,
1	of a truth , jehovah , the kings of assyria have laid waste all the countries , and their land ,
1	i have digged and drunk water , and with the sole of my feet will i dry up all the rivers of egypt .
1	but i know thy sitting down , and thy going out , and thy coming in , and thy raging against me .
1	and the remnant that is escaped of the house of judah shall again take root downward , and bear fruit upward .
1	for out of jerusalem shall go forth a remnant , and out of mount zion they that shall escape . the zeal of jehovah of hosts will perform this .
1	by the way that he came , by the same shall he return , and he shall not come unto this city , saith jehovah .
1	for i will defend this city to save it , for mine own sake , and for my servant david ’ s sake .
1	so sennacherib king of assyria departed , and went and returned , and dwelt at nineveh .
1	then hezekiah turned his face to the wall , and prayed unto jehovah ,
1	then came the word of jehovah to isaiah , saying ,
1	and i will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of assyria ; and i will defend this city .
1	and this shall be the sign unto thee from jehovah , that jehovah will do this thing that he hath spoken :
1	the writing of hezekiah king of judah , when he had been sick , and was recovered of his sickness .
1	i said , in the noontide of my days i shall go into the gates of sheol :
1	i said , i shall not see jehovah , even jehovah in the land of the living :
1	my dwelling is removed , and is carried away from me as a shepherd ’ s tent :
1	i quieted myself until morning ; as a lion , so he breaketh all my bones :
1	like a swallow or a crane , so did i chatter ;
1	what shall i say ? he hath both spoken unto me , and himself hath done it :
1	o lord , by these things men live ;
1	behold , it was for my peace that i had great bitterness :
1	for sheol can not praise thee , death can not celebrate thee :
1	the living , the living , he shall praise thee , as i do this day :
1	jehovah is ready to save me :
1	now isaiah had said , let them take a cake of figs , and lay it for a plaster upon the boil , and he shall recover .
1	hezekiah also had said , what is the sign that i shall go up to the house of jehovah ?
1	then said isaiah to hezekiah , hear the word of jehovah of hosts :
1	comfort ye , comfort ye my people , saith your god .
1	the voice of one that crieth , prepare ye in the wilderness the way of jehovah ; make level in the desert a highway for our god .
1	and the glory of jehovah shall be revealed , and all flesh shall see it together ; for the mouth of jehovah hath spoken it .
1	the grass withereth , the flower fadeth , because the breath of jehovah bloweth upon it ; surely the people is grass .
1	the grass withereth , the flower fadeth ; but the word of our god shall stand forever .
1	who hath directed the spirit of jehovah , or being his counsellor hath taught him ?
1	and lebanon is not sufficient to burn , nor the beasts thereof sufficient for a burnt-offering .
1	all the nations are as nothing before him ; they are accounted by him as less than nothing , and vanity .
1	to whom then will ye liken god ? or what likeness will ye compare unto him ?
1	the image , a workman hath cast it , and the goldsmith overlayeth it with gold , and casteth for it silver chains .
1	that bringeth princes to nothing ; that maketh the judges of the earth as vanity .
1	to whom then will ye liken me , that i should be equal to him ? saith the holy one .
1	he giveth power to the faint ; and to him that hath no might he increaseth strength .
1	even the youths shall faint and be weary , and the young men shall utterly fall :
1	he pursueth them , and passeth on safely , even by a way that he had not gone with his feet .
1	who hath wrought and done it , calling the generations from the beginning ? i , jehovah , the first , and with the last , i am he .
1	the isles have seen , and fear ; the ends of the earth tremble ; they draw near , and come .
1	they help every one his neighbor ; and every one saith to his brother , be of good courage .
1	but thou , israel , my servant , jacob whom i have chosen , the seed of abraham my friend ,
1	for i , jehovah thy god , will hold thy right hand , saying unto thee , fear not ; i will help thee .
1	produce your cause , saith jehovah ; bring forth your strong reasons , saith the king of jacob .
1	behold , ye are of nothing , and your work is of nought ; an abomination is he that chooseth you .
1	i am the first that saith unto zion , behold , behold them ; and i will give to jerusalem one that bringeth good tidings .
1	behold , all of them , their works are vanity and nought ; their molten images are wind and confusion .
1	he will not cry , nor lift up his voice , nor cause it to be heard in the street .
1	a bruised reed will he not break , and a dimly burning wick will he not quench : he will bring forth justice in truth .
1	he will not fail nor be discouraged , till he have set justice in the earth ; and the isles shall wait for his law .
1	to open the blind eyes , to bring out the prisoners from the dungeon , and them that sit in darkness out of the prison-house .
1	i am jehovah , that is my name ; and my glory will i not give to another , neither my praise unto graven images .
1	behold , the former things are come to pass , and new things do i declare ; before they spring forth i tell you of them .
1	let them give glory unto jehovah , and declare his praise in the islands .
1	i will lay waste mountains and hills , and dry up all their herbs ; and i will make the rivers islands , and will dry up the pools .
1	hear , ye deaf ; and look , ye blind , that ye may see .
1	thou seest many things , but thou observest not ; his ears are open , but he heareth not .
1	it pleased jehovah , for his righteousness ’ sake , to magnify the law , and make it honorable .
1	who is there among you that will give ear to this ? that will hearken and hear for the time to come ?
1	fear not ; for i am with thee : i will bring thy seed from the east , and gather thee from the west ;
1	every one that is called by my name , and whom i have created for my glory , whom i have formed , yea , whom i have made .
1	bring forth the blind people that have eyes , and the deaf that have ears .
1	i , even i , am jehovah ; and besides me there is no saviour .
1	i am jehovah , your holy one , the creator of israel , your king .
1	thus saith jehovah , who maketh a way in the sea , and a path in the mighty waters ;
1	remember ye not the former things , neither consider the things of old .
1	the people which i formed for myself , that they might set forth my praise .
1	yet thou hast not called upon me , o jacob ; but thou hast been weary of me , o israel .
1	i , even i , am he that blotteth out thy transgressions for mine own sake ; and i will not remember thy sins .
1	put me in remembrance ; let us plead together : set thou forth thy cause , that thou mayest be justified .
1	thy first father sinned , and thy teachers have transgressed against me .
1	therefore i will profane the princes of the sanctuary ; and i will make jacob a curse , and israel a reviling .
1	yet now hear , o jacob my servant , and israel , who i have chosen :
1	and they shall spring up among the grass , as willows by the watercourses .
1	who hath fashioned a god , or molten an image that is profitable for nothing ?
1	that frustrateth the signs of the liars , and maketh diviners mad ; that turneth wise men backward , and maketh their knowledge foolish ;
1	that saith to the deep , be dry , and i will dry up thy rivers ;
1	i am jehovah , and there is none else ; besides me there is no god . i will gird thee , though thou hast not known me ;
1	i form the light , and create darkness ; i make peace , and create evil ; i am jehovah , that doeth all these things .
1	woe unto him that saith unto a father , what begettest thou ? or to a woman , with what travailest thou ?
1	verily thou art a god that hidest thyself , o god of israel , the saviour .
1	they shall be put to shame , yea , confounded , all of them ; they shall go into confusion together that are makers of idols .
1	but israel shall be saved by jehovah with an everlasting salvation : ye shall not be put to shame nor confounded world without end .
1	look unto me , and be ye saved , all the ends of the earth ; for i am god , and there is none else .
1	in jehovah shall all the seed of israel be justified , and shall glory .
1	they stoop , they bow down together ; they could not deliver the burden , but themselves are gone into captivity .
1	to whom will ye liken me , and make me equal , and compare me , that we may be like ?
1	remember this , and show yourselves men ; bring it again to mind , o ye transgressors .
1	remember the former things of old : for i am god , and there is none else ; i am god , and there is none like me ;
1	hearken unto me , ye stout-hearted , that are far from righteousness :
1	take the millstones , and grind meal ; remove thy veil , strip off the train , uncover the leg , pass through the rivers .
1	thy nakedness shall be uncovered , yea , thy shame shall be seen : i will take vengeance , and will spare no man .
1	our redeemer , jehovah of hosts is his name , the holy one of israel .
1	sit thou silent , and get thee into darkness , o daughter of the chaldeans ; for thou shalt no more be called the mistress of kingdoms .
1	( for they call themselves of the holy city , and stay themselves upon the god of israel ; jehovah of hosts is his name ) :
1	because i knew that thou art obstinate , and thy neck is an iron sinew , and thy brow brass ;
1	for my name ’ s sake will i defer mine anger , and for my praise will i refrain for thee , that i cut thee not off .
1	behold , i have refined thee , but not as silver ; i have chosen thee in the furnace of affliction .
1	hearken unto me , o jacob , and israel my called : i am he ; i am the first , i also am the last .
1	i , even i , have spoken ; yea , i have called him ; i have brought him , and he shall make his way prosperous .
1	oh that thou hadst hearkened to my commandments ! then had thy peace been as a river , and thy righteousness as the waves of the sea :
1	there is no peace , saith jehovah , to the wicked .
1	and he said unto me , thou art my servant ; israel , in whom i will be glorified .
1	and i will make all my mountains a way , and my highways shall be exalted .
1	lo , these shall come from far ; and , lo , these from the north and from the west ; and these from the land of sinim .
1	but zion said , jehovah hath forsaken me , and the lord hath forgotten me .
1	behold , i have graven thee upon the palms of my hands ; thy walls are continually before me .
1	thy children make haste ; thy destroyers and they that made thee waste shall go forth from thee .
1	the children of thy bereavement shall yet say in thine ears , the place is too strait for me ; give place to me that i may dwell .
1	shall the prey be taken from the mighty , or the lawful captives be delivered ?
1	i clothe the heavens with blackness , and i make sackcloth their covering .
1	the lord jehovah hath opened mine ear , and i was not rebellious , neither turned away backward .
1	i gave my back to the smiters , and my cheeks to them that plucked off the hair ; i hid not my face from shame and spitting .
1	the captive exile shall speedily be loosed ; and he shall not die and go down into the pit , neither shall his bread fail .
1	for i am jehovah thy god , who stirreth up the sea , so that the waves thereof roar : jehovah of hosts is his name .
1	these two things are befallen thee , who shall bemoan thee ? desolation and destruction , and the famine and the sword ; how shall i comfort thee ?
1	therefore hear now this , thou afflicted , and drunken , but not with wine :
1	for thus saith jehovah , ye were sold for nought ; and ye shall be redeemed without money .
1	for thus saith the lord jehovah , my people went down at the first into egypt to sojourn there : and the assyrian hath oppressed them without cause .
1	therefore my people shall know my name : therefore they shall know in that day that i am he that doth speak ; behold , it is i .
1	break forth into joy , sing together , ye waste places of jerusalem ; for jehovah hath comforted his people , he hath redeemed jerusalem .
1	jehovah hath made bare his holy arm in the eyes of all the nations ; and all the ends of the earth have seen the salvation of our god .
1	behold , my servant shall deal wisely , he shall be exalted and lifted up , and shall be very high .
1	like as many were astonished at thee ( his visage was so marred more than any man , and his form more than the sons of men ) ,
1	who hath believed our message ? and to whom hath the arm of jehovah been revealed ?
1	surely he hath borne our griefs , and carried our sorrows ; yet we did esteem him stricken , smitten of god , and afflicted .
1	all we like sheep have gone astray ; we have turned every one to his own way ; and jehovah hath laid on him the iniquity of us all .
1	enlarge the place of thy tent , and let them stretch forth the curtains of thy habitations ; spare not : lengthen thy cords , and strengthen thy stakes .
1	for jehovah hath called thee as a wife forsaken and grieved in spirit , even a wife of youth , when she is cast off , saith thy god .
1	for a small moment have i forsaken thee ; but with great mercies will i gather thee .
1	in overflowing wrath i hid my face from thee for a moment ; but with everlasting lovingkindness will i have mercy on thee , saith jehovah thy redeemer .
1	o thou afflicted , tossed with tempest , and not comforted , behold , i will set thy stones in fair colors , and lay thy foundations with sapphires .
1	and i will make thy pinnacles of rubies , and thy gates of carbuncles , and all thy border of precious stones .
1	and all thy children shall be taught of jehovah ; and great shall be the peace of thy children .
1	behold , they may gather together , but not by me : whosoever shall gather together against thee shall fall because of thee .
1	behold , i have given him for a witness to the peoples , a leader and commander to the peoples .
1	seek ye jehovah while he may be found ; call ye upon him while he is near :
1	for my thoughts are not your thoughts , neither are your ways my ways , saith jehovah .
1	for as the heavens are higher than the earth , so are my ways higher than your ways , and my thoughts than your thoughts .
1	thus saith jehovah , keep ye justice , and do righteousness ; for my salvation is near to come , and my righteousness to be revealed .
1	for thus saith jehovah of the eunuchs that keep my sabbaths , and choose the things that please me , and hold fast my covenant :
1	the lord jehovah , who gathereth the outcasts of israel , saith , yet will i gather others to him , besides his own that are gathered .
1	all ye beasts of the field , come to devour , yea , all ye beasts in the forest .
1	he entereth into peace ; they rest in their beds , each one that walketh in his uprightness .
1	but draw near hither , ye sons of the sorceress , the seed of the adulterer and the harlot .
1	ye that inflame yourselves among the oaks , under every green tree ; that slay the children in the valleys , under the clefts of the rocks ?
1	upon a high and lofty mountain hast thou set thy bed ; thither also wentest thou up to offer sacrifice .
1	i will declare thy righteousness ; and as for thy works , they shall not profit thee .
1	and he will say , cast ye up , cast ye up , prepare the way , take up the stumbling-block out of the way of my people .
1	i have seen his ways , and will heal him : i will lead him also , and restore comforts unto him and to his mourners .
1	but the wicked are like the troubled sea ; for it can not rest , and its waters cast up mire and dirt .
1	there is no peace , saith my god , to the wicked .
1	then shalt thou call , and jehovah will answer ; thou shalt cry , and he will say , here i am .
1	behold , jehovah ’ s hand is not shortened , that it can not save ; neither his ear heavy , that it can not hear :
1	but your iniquities have separated between you and your god , and your sins have hid his face from you , so that he will not hear .
1	for your hands are defiled with blood , and your fingers with iniquity ; your lips have spoken lies , your tongue muttereth wickedness .
1	none sueth in righteousness , and none pleadeth in truth : they trust in vanity , and speak lies ; they conceive mischief , and bring forth iniquity .
1	their feet run to evil , and they make haste to shed innocent blood : their thoughts are thoughts of iniquity ; desolation and destruction are in their paths .
1	transgressing and denying jehovah , and turning away from following our god , speaking oppression and revolt , conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood .
1	and justice is turned away backward , and righteousness standeth afar off ; for truth is fallen in the street , and uprightness can not enter .
1	yea , truth is lacking ; and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey .
1	according to their deeds , accordingly he will repay , wrath to his adversaries , recompense to his enemies ; to the islands he will repay recompense .
1	and a redeemer will come to zion , and unto them that turn from transgression in jacob , saith jehovah .
1	arise , shine ; for thy light is come , and the glory of jehovah is risen upon thee .
1	and nations shall come to thy light , and kings to the brightness of thy rising .
1	who are these that fly as a cloud , and as the doves to their windows ?
1	for that nation and kingdom that will not serve thee shall perish ; yea , those nations shall be utterly wasted .
1	whereas thou hast been forsaken and hated , so that no man passed through thee , i will make thee an eternal excellency , a joy of many generations .
1	violence shall no more be heard in thy land , desolation nor destruction within thy borders ; but thou shalt call thy walls salvation , and thy gates praise .
1	the little one shall become a thousand , and the small one a strong nation ; i , jehovah , will hasten it in its time .
1	to proclaim the year of jehovah ’ s favor , and the day of vengeance of our god ; to comfort all that mourn ;
1	and they shall build the old wastes , they shall raise up the former desolations , and they shall repair the waste cities , the desolations of many generations .
1	and strangers shall stand and feed your flocks , and foreigners shall be your plowmen and your vine-dressers .
1	thou shalt also be a crown of beauty in the hand of jehovah , and a royal diadem in the hand of thy god .
1	and give him no rest , till he establish , and till he make jerusalem a praise in the earth .
1	but they that have garnered it shall eat it , and praise jehovah ; and they that have gathered it shall drink it in the courts of my sanctuary .
1	and they shall call them the holy people , the redeemed of jehovah : and thou shalt be called sought out , a city not forsaken .
1	wherefore art thou red in thine apparel , and thy garments like him that treadeth in the winevat ?
1	for the day of vengeance was in my heart , and the year of my redeemed is come .
1	and i trod down the peoples in mine anger , and made them drunk in my wrath , and i poured out their lifeblood on the earth .
1	for he said , surely , they are my people , children that will not deal falsely : so he was their saviour .
1	but they rebelled , and grieved his holy spirit : therefore he was turned to be their enemy , and himself fought against them .
1	that caused his glorious arm to go at the right hand of moses ? that divided the waters before them , to make himself an everlasting name ?
1	that led them through the depths , as a horse in the wilderness , so that they stumbled not ?
1	thy holy people possessed it but a little while : our adversaries have trodden down thy sanctuary .
1	we are become as they over whom thou never barest rule , as they that were not called by thy name .
1	oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens , that thou wouldest come down , that the mountains might quake at thy presence ,
1	when thou didst terrible things which we looked not for , thou camest down , the mountains quaked at thy presence .
1	be not wroth very sore , o jehovah , neither remember iniquity for ever : behold , look , we beseech thee , we are all thy people .
1	thy holy cities are become a wilderness , zion is become a wilderness , jerusalem a desolation .
1	our holy and our beautiful house , where our fathers praised thee , is burned with fire ; and all our pleasant places are laid waste .
1	wilt thou refrain thyself for these things , o jehovah ? wilt thou hold thy peace , and afflict us very sore ?
1	i have spread out my hands all the day unto a rebellious people , that walk in a way that is not good , after their own thoughts ;
1	a people that provoke me to my face continually , sacrificing in gardens , and burning incense upon bricks ;
1	that sit among the graves , and lodge in the secret places ; that eat swine ’ s flesh , and broth of abominable things is in their vessels ;
1	behold , it is written before me : i will not keep silence , but will recompense , yea , i will recompense into their bosom ,
1	but ye that forsake jehovah , that forget my holy mountain , that prepare a table for fortune , and that fill up mingled wine unto destiny ;
1	behold , my servants shall sing for joy of heart , but ye shall cry for sorrow of heart , and shall wail for vexation of spirit .
1	for , behold , i create new heavens and a new earth ; and the former things shall not be remembered , nor come into mind .
1	but be ye glad and rejoice for ever in that which i create ; for , behold , i create jerusalem a rejoicing , and her people a joy .
1	and they shall build houses , and inhabit them ; and they shall plant vineyards , and eat the fruit of them .
1	they shall not labor in vain , nor bring forth for calamity ; for they are the seed of the blessed of jehovah , and their offspring with them .
1	and it shall come to pass that , before they call , i will answer ; and while they are yet speaking , i will hear .
1	a voice of tumult from the city , a voice from the temple , a voice of jehovah that rendereth recompense to his enemies .
1	before she travailed , she brought forth ; before her pain came , she was delivered of a man-child .
1	rejoice ye with jerusalem , and be glad for her , all ye that love her : rejoice for joy with her , all ye that mourn over her ;
1	that ye may suck and be satisfied with the breasts of her consolations ; that ye may milk out , and be delighted with the abundance of her glory .
1	as one whom his mother comforteth , so will i comfort you ; and ye shall be comforted in jerusalem .
1	for by fire will jehovah execute judgment , and by his sword , upon all flesh ; and the slain of jehovah shall be many .
1	and of them also will i take for priests and for levites , saith jehovah .
1	james , a servant of god and of the lord jesus christ , to the twelve tribes which are of the dispersion , greeting .
1	count it all joy , my brethren , when ye fall into manifold temptations ;
1	knowing that the proving of your faith worketh patience .
1	and let patience have its perfect work , that ye may be perfect and entire , lacking in nothing .
1	but if any of you lacketh wisdom , let him ask of god , who giveth to all liberally and upbraideth not ; and it shall be given him .
1	but let him ask in faith , nothing doubting : for he that doubteth is like the surge of the sea driven by the wind and tossed .
1	for let not that man think that he shall receive anything of the lord ;
1	a doubleminded man , unstable in all his ways .
1	but let the brother of low degree glory in his high estate :
1	and the rich , in that he is made low : because as the flower of the grass he shall pass away .
1	but each man is tempted , when he is drawn away by his own lust , and enticed .
1	then the lust , when it hath conceived , beareth sin : and the sin , when it is fullgrown , bringeth forth death .
1	be not deceived , my beloved brethren .
1	of his own will he brought us forth by the word of truth , that we should be a kind of first-fruits of his creatures .
1	ye know this , my beloved brethren . but let every man be swift to hear , slow to speak , slow to wrath :
1	for the wrath of man worketh not the righteousness of god .
1	wherefore putting away all filthiness and overflowing of wickedness , receive with meekness the implanted word , which is able to save your souls .
1	but be ye doers of the word , and not hearers only , deluding your own selves .
1	for if any one is a hearer of the word and not a doer , he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a mirror :
1	for he beholdeth himself , and goeth away , and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was .
1	if any man thinketh himself to be religious , while he bridleth not his tongue but deceiveth his heart , this man ’ s religion is vain .
1	my brethren , hold not the faith of our lord jesus christ , the lord of glory , with respect of persons .
1	for if there come into your synagogue a man with a gold ring , in fine clothing , and there come in also a poor man in vile clothing ;
1	do ye not make distinctions among yourselves , and become judges with evil thoughts ?
1	but ye have dishonored the poor man . do not the rich oppress you , and themselves drag you before the judgment-seats ?
1	do not they blaspheme the honorable name by which ye are called ?
1	howbeit if ye fulfil the royal law , according to the scripture , thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself , ye do well :
1	but if ye have respect of persons , ye commit sin , being convicted by the law as transgressors .
1	for whosoever shall keep the whole law , and yet stumble in one point , he is become guilty of all .
1	so speak ye , and so do , as men that are to be judged by a law of liberty .
1	for judgment is without mercy to him that hath showed no mercy : mercy glorieth against judgment .
1	what doth it profit , my brethren , if a man say he hath faith , but have not works ? can that faith save him ?
1	if a brother or sister be naked and in lack of daily food ,
1	even so faith , if it have not works , is dead in itself .
1	thou believest that god is one ; thou doest well : the demons also believe , and shudder .
1	but wilt thou know , o vain man , that faith apart from works is barren ?
1	was not abraham our father justified by works , in that he offered up isaac his son upon the altar ?
1	thou seest that faith wrought with his works , and by works was faith made perfect ;
1	ye see that by works a man is justified , and not only by faith .
1	and in like manner was not also rahab the harlot justified by works , in that she received the messengers , and sent them out another way ?
1	for as the body apart from the spirit is dead , even so faith apart from works is dead .
1	be not many of you teachers , my brethren , knowing that we shall receive heavier judgment .
1	for in many things we all stumble . if any stumbleth not in word , the same is a perfect man , able to bridle the whole body also .
1	now if we put the horses ’ bridles into their mouths that they may obey us , we turn about their whole body also .
1	so the tongue also is a little member , and boasteth great things . behold , how much wood is kindled by how small a fire !
1	for every kind of beasts and birds , of creeping things and things in the sea , is tamed , and hath been tamed by mankind :
1	but the tongue can no man tame ; it is a restless evil , it is full of deadly poison .
1	therewith bless we the lord and father ; and therewith curse we men , who are made after the likeness of god :
1	out of the same mouth cometh forth blessing and cursing . my brethren , these things ought not so to be .
1	doth the fountain send forth from the same opening sweet water and bitter ?
1	can a fig tree , my brethren , yield olives , or a vine figs ? neither can salt water yield sweet .
1	who is wise and understanding among you ? let him show by his good life his works in meekness of wisdom .
1	but if ye have bitter jealousy and faction in your heart , glory not and lie not against the truth .
1	this wisdom is not a wisdom that cometh down from above , but is earthly , sensual , devilish .
1	for where jealousy and faction are , there is confusion and every vile deed .
1	and the fruit of righteousness is sown in peace for them that make peace .
1	whence come wars and whence come fightings among you ? come they not hence , even of your pleasures that war in your members ?
1	ye ask , and receive not , because ye ask amiss , that ye may spend it in your pleasures .
1	or think ye that the scripture speaketh in vain ? doth the spirit which he made to dwell in us long unto envying ?
1	but he giveth more grace . wherefore the scripture saith , god resisteth the proud , but giveth grace to the humble .
1	be subject therefore unto god ; but resist the devil , and he will flee from you .
1	draw nigh to god , and he will draw nigh to you . cleanse your hands , ye sinners ; and purify your hearts , ye doubleminded .
1	be afflicted , and mourn , and weep : let your laughter be turned to mourning , and your joy to heaviness .
1	humble yourselves in the sight of the lord , and he shall exalt you .
1	one only is the lawgiver and judge , even he who is able to save and to destroy : but who art thou that judgest thy neighbor ?
1	come now , ye that say , to-day or to-morrow we will go into this city , and spend a year there , and trade , and get gain :
1	for that ye ought to say , if the lord will , we shall both live , and do this or that .
1	but now ye glory in your vauntings : all such glorying is evil .
1	to him therefore that knoweth to do good , and doeth it not , to him it is sin .
1	come now , ye rich , weep and howl for your miseries that are coming upon you .
1	your riches are corrupted , and your garments are moth-eaten .
1	ye have lived delicately on the earth , and taken your pleasure ; ye have nourished your hearts in a day of slaughter .
1	ye have condemned , ye have killed the righteous one ; he doth not resist you .
1	be ye also patient ; establish your hearts : for the coming of the lord is at hand .
1	murmur not , brethren , one against another , that ye be not judged : behold , the judge standeth before the doors .
1	take , brethren , for an example of suffering and of patience , the prophets who spake in the name of the lord .
1	is any among you suffering ? let him pray . is any cheerful ? let him sing praise .
1	and he prayed again ; and the heaven gave rain , and the earth brought forth her fruit .
1	my brethren , if any among you err from the truth , and one convert him ;
1	peter , an apostle of jesus christ , to the elect who are sojourners of the dispersion in pontus , galatia , cappadocia , asia , and bithynia ,
1	unto an inheritance incorruptible , and undefiled , and that fadeth not away , reserved in heaven for you ,
1	who by the power of god are guarded through faith unto a salvation ready to be revealed in the last time .
1	wherein ye greatly rejoice , though now for a little while , if need be , ye have been put to grief in manifold trials ,
1	receiving the end of your faith , even the salvation of your souls .
1	concerning which salvation the prophets sought and searched diligently , who prophesied of the grace that should come unto you :
1	as children of obedience , not fashioning yourselves according to your former lusts in the time of your ignorance :
1	but like as he who called you is holy , be ye yourselves also holy in all manner of living ;
1	because it is written , ye shall be holy ; for i am holy .
1	knowing that ye were redeemed , not with corruptible things , with silver or gold , from your vain manner of life handed down from your fathers ;
1	but with precious blood , as of a lamb without blemish and without spot , even the blood of christ :
1	who was foreknown indeed before the foundation of the world , but was manifested at the end of the times for your sake ,
1	seeing ye have purified your souls in your obedience to the truth unto unfeigned love of the brethren , love one another from the heart fervently :
1	having been begotten again , not of corruptible seed , but of incorruptible , through the word of god , which liveth and abideth .
1	but the word of the lord abideth for ever .
1	putting away therefore all wickedness , and all guile , and hypocrisies , and envies , and all evil speakings ,
1	as newborn babes , long for the spiritual milk which is without guile , that ye may grow thereby unto salvation ;
1	if ye have tasted that the lord is gracious :
1	unto whom coming , a living stone , rejected indeed of men , but with god elect , precious ,
1	because it is contained in scripture ,
1	for you therefore that believe is the preciousness : but for such as disbelieve ,
1	who in time past were no people , but now are the people of god : who had not obtained mercy , but now have obtained mercy .
1	beloved , i beseech you as sojourners and pilgrims , to abstain from fleshly lusts , which war against the soul ;
1	be subject to every ordinance of man for the lord ’ s sake : whether to the king , as supreme ;
1	or unto governors , as sent by him for vengeance on evil-doers and for praise to them that do well .
1	for so is the will of god , that by well-doing ye should put to silence the ignorance of foolish men :
1	as free , and not using your freedom for a cloak of wickedness , but as bondservants of god .
1	honor all men . love the brotherhood . fear god . honor the king .
1	servants , be in subjection to your masters with all fear ; not only to the good and gentle , but also to the froward .
1	for this is acceptable , if for conscience toward god a man endureth griefs , suffering wrongfully .
1	for hereunto were ye called : because christ also suffered for you , leaving you an example , that ye should follow his steps :
1	who did no sin , neither was guile found in his mouth :
1	who , when he was reviled , reviled not again ; when he suffered , threatened not ; but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously :
1	for ye were going astray like sheep ; but are now returned unto the shepherd and bishop of your souls .
1	beholding your chaste behavior coupled with fear .
1	whose adorning let it not be the outward adorning of braiding the hair , and of wearing jewels of gold , or of putting on apparel ;
1	for after this manner aforetime the holy women also , who hoped in god , adorned themselves , being in subjection to their own husbands :
1	as sarah obeyed abraham , calling him lord : whose children ye now are , if ye do well , and are not put in fear by any terror .
1	finally , be ye all likeminded , compassionate , loving as brethren , tenderhearted , humbleminded :
1	not rendering evil for evil , or reviling for reviling ; but contrariwise blessing ; for hereunto were ye called , that ye should inherit a blessing .
1	and let him turn away from evil , and do good ;
1	for the eyes of the lord are upon the righteous ,
1	and who is he that will harm you , if ye be zealous of that which is good ?
1	but even if ye should suffer for righteousness ’ sake , blessed are ye : and fear not their fear , neither be troubled ;
1	having a good conscience ; that , wherein ye are spoken against , they may be put to shame who revile your good manner of life in christ .
1	for it is better , if the will of god should so will , that ye suffer for well-doing than for evil-doing .
1	in which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison ,
1	who is on the right hand of god , having gone into heaven ; angels and authorities and powers being made subject unto him .
1	that ye no longer should live the rest of your time in the flesh to the lusts of men , but to the will of god .
1	wherein they think it strange that ye run not with them into the same excess of riot , speaking evil of you :
1	who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the living and the dead .
1	but the end of all things is at hand : be ye therefore of sound mind , and be sober unto prayer :
1	above all things being fervent in your love among yourselves ; for love covereth a multitude of sins :
1	using hospitality one to another without murmuring :
1	according as each hath received a gift , ministering it among yourselves , as good stewards of the manifold grace of god ;
1	beloved , think it not strange concerning the fiery trial among you , which cometh upon you to prove you , as though a strange thing happened unto you :
1	but insomuch as ye are partakers of christ ’ s sufferings , rejoice ; that at the revelation of his glory also ye may rejoice with exceeding joy .
1	if ye are reproached for the name of christ , blessed are ye ; because the spirit of glory and the spirit of god resteth upon you .
1	for let none of you suffer as a murderer , or a thief , or an evil-doer , or as a meddler in other men ’ s matters :
1	but if a man suffer as a christian , let him not be ashamed ; but let him glorify god in this name .
1	and if the righteous is scarcely saved , where shall the ungodly and sinner appear ?
1	wherefore let them also that suffer according to the will of god commit their souls in well-doing unto a faithful creator .
1	neither as lording it over the charge allotted to you , but making yourselves ensamples to the flock .
1	and when the chief shepherd shall be manifested , ye shall receive the crown of glory that fadeth not away .
1	humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of god , that he may exalt you in due time ;
1	casting all your anxiety upon him , because he careth for you .
1	be sober , be watchful : your adversary the devil , as a roaring lion , walketh about , seeking whom he may devour :
1	whom withstand stedfast in your faith , knowing that the same sufferings are accomplished in your brethren who are in the world .
1	to him be the dominion for ever and ever . amen .
1	she that is in babylon , elect together with you , saluteth you ; and so doth mark my son .
1	salute one another with a kiss of love .
1	grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of god and of jesus our lord ;
1	yea , and for this very cause adding on your part all diligence , in your faith supply virtue ; and in your virtue knowledge ;
1	and in your knowledge self-control ; and in your self-control patience ; and in your patience godliness ;
1	and in your godliness brotherly kindness ; and in your brotherly kindness love .
1	for if these things are yours and abound , they make you to be not idle nor unfruitful unto the knowledge of our lord jesus christ .
1	for he that lacketh these things is blind , seeing only what is near , having forgotten the cleansing from his old sins .
1	wherefore , brethren , give the more diligence to make your calling and election sure : for if ye do these things , ye shall never stumble :
1	for thus shall be richly supplied unto you the entrance into the eternal kingdom of our lord and saviour jesus christ .
1	and i think it right , as long as i am in this tabernacle , to stir you up by putting you in remembrance ;
1	knowing that the putting off of my tabernacle cometh swiftly , even as our lord jesus christ signified unto me .
1	yea , i will give diligence that at every time ye may be able after my decease to call these things to remembrance .
1	and this voice we ourselves heard borne out of heaven , when we were with him in the holy mount .
1	knowing this first , that no prophecy of scripture is of private interpretation .
1	for no prophecy ever came by the will of man : but men spake from god , being moved by the holy spirit .
1	and many shall follow their lascivious doings ; by reason of whom the way of the truth shall be evil spoken of .
1	and in covetousness shall they with feigned words make merchandise of you : whose sentence now from of old lingereth not , and their destruction slumbereth not .
1	and turning the cities of sodom and gomorrah into ashes condemned them with an overthrow , having made them an example unto those that should live ungodly ;
1	and delivered righteous lot , sore distressed by the lascivious life of the wicked
1	( for that righteous man dwelling among them , in seeing and hearing , vexed his righteous soul from day to day with their lawless deeds ) :
1	the lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptation , and to keep the unrighteous under punishment unto the day of judgment ;
1	but chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of defilement , and despise dominion . daring , self-willed , they tremble not to rail at dignities :
1	whereas angels , though greater in might and power , bring not a railing judgment against them before the lord .
1	having eyes full of adultery , and that can not cease from sin ; enticing unstedfast souls ; having a heart exercised in covetousness ; children of cursing ;
1	forsaking the right way , they went astray , having followed the way of balaam the son of beor , who loved the hire of wrong-doing ;
1	but he was rebuked for his own transgression : a dumb ass spake with man ’ s voice and stayed the madness of the prophet .
1	these are springs without water , and mists driven by a storm ; for whom the blackness of darkness hath been reserved .
1	promising them liberty , while they themselves are bondservants of corruption ; for of whom a man is overcome , of the same is he also brought into bondage .
1	that ye should remember the words which were spoken before by the holy prophets , and the commandment of the lord and saviour through your apostles :
1	knowing this first , that in the last days mockers shall come with mockery , walking after their own lusts ,
1	by which means the world that then was , being overflowed with water , perished :
1	but forget not this one thing , beloved , that one day is with the lord as a thousand years , and a thousand years as one day .
1	seeing that these things are thus all to be dissolved , what manner of persons ought ye to be in all holy living and godliness ,
1	but , according to his promise , we look for new heavens and a new earth , wherein dwelleth righteousness .
1	wherefore , beloved , seeing that ye look for these things , give diligence that ye may be found in peace , without spot and blameless in his sight .
1	ye therefore , beloved , knowing these things beforehand , beware lest , being carried away with the error of the wicked , ye fall from your own stedfastness .
1	but grow in the grace and knowledge of our lord and saviour jesus christ . to him be the glory both now and for ever . amen .
1	and these things we write , that our joy may be made full .
1	and this is the message which we have heard from him and announce unto you , that god is light , and in him is no darkness at all .
1	if we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in the darkness , we lie , and do not the truth :
1	if we say that we have no sin , we deceive ourselves , and the truth is not in us .
1	if we confess our sins , he is faithful and righteous to forgive us our sins , and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness .
1	if we say that we have not sinned , we make him a liar , and his word is not in us .
1	and he is the propitiation for our sins ; and not for ours only , but also for the whole world .
1	and hereby we know that we know him , if we keep his commandments .
1	he that saith , i know him , and keepeth not his commandments , is a liar , and the truth is not in him ;
1	but whoso keepeth his word , in him verily hath the love of god been perfected . hereby we know that we are in him :
1	he that saith he abideth in him ought himself also to walk even as he walked .
1	he that saith he is in the light and hateth his brother , is in the darkness even until now .
1	he that loveth his brother abideth in the light , and there is no occasion of stumbling in him .
1	i write unto you , my little children , because your sins are forgiven you for his name ’ s sake .
1	and the world passeth away , and the lust thereof : but he that doeth the will of god abideth for ever .
1	and ye have an anointing from the holy one , and ye know all things .
1	i have not written unto you because ye know not the truth , but because ye know it , and because no lie is of the truth .
1	who is the liar but he that denieth that jesus is the christ ? this is the antichrist , even he that denieth the father and the son .
1	whosoever denieth the son , the same hath not the father : he that confesseth the son hath the father also .
1	and this is the promise which he promised us , even the life eternal .
1	these things have i written unto you concerning them that would lead you astray .
1	if ye know that he is righteous , ye know that every one also that doeth righteousness is begotten of him .
1	and every one that hath this hope set on him purifieth himself , even as he is pure .
1	every one that doeth sin doeth also lawlessness ; and sin is lawlessness .
1	and ye know that he was manifested to take away sins ; and in him is no sin .
1	whosoever abideth in him sinneth not : whosoever sinneth hath not seen him , neither knoweth him .
1	my little children , let no man lead you astray : he that doeth righteousness is righteous , even as he is righteous :
1	whosoever is begotten of god doeth no sin , because his seed abideth in him : and he can not sin , because he is begotten of god .
1	for this is the message which ye heard from the beginning , that we should love one another :
1	marvel not , brethren , if the world hateth you .
1	we know that we have passed out of death into life , because we love the brethren . he that loveth not abideth in death .
1	whosoever hateth his brother is a murderer : and ye know that no murderer hath eternal life abiding in him .
1	hereby know we love , because he laid down his life for us : and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren .
1	my little children , let us not love in word , neither with the tongue ; but in deed and truth .
1	hereby shall we know that we are of the truth , and shall assure our heart before him :
1	because if our heart condemn us , god is greater than our heart , and knoweth all things .
1	beloved , if our heart condemn us not , we have boldness toward god ;
1	and whatsoever we ask we receive of him , because we keep his commandments and do the things that are pleasing in his sight .
1	beloved , believe not every spirit , but prove the spirits , whether they are of god ; because many false prophets are gone out into the world .
1	hereby know ye the spirit of god : every spirit that confesseth that jesus christ is come in the flesh is of god :
1	ye are of god , my little children , and have overcome them : because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world .
1	they are of the world : therefore speak they as of the world , and the world heareth them .
1	beloved , let us love one another : for love is of god ; and every one that loveth is begotten of god , and knoweth god .
1	he that loveth not knoweth not god ; for god is love .
1	herein was the love of god manifested in us , that god hath sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him .
1	herein is love , not that we loved god , but that he loved us , and sent his son to be the propitiation for our sins .
1	beloved , if god so loved us , we also ought to love one another .
1	no man hath beheld god at any time : if we love one another , god abideth in us , and his love is perfected in us :
1	hereby we know that we abide in him and he in us , because he hath given us of his spirit .
1	and we have beheld and bear witness that the father hath sent the son to be the saviour of the world .
1	whosoever shall confess that jesus is the son of god , god abideth in him , and he in god .
1	there is no fear in love : but perfect love casteth out fear , because fear hath punishment ; and he that feareth is not made perfect in love .
1	we love , because he first loved us .
1	and this commandment have we from him , that he who loveth god love his brother also .
1	whosoever believeth that jesus is the christ is begotten of god : and whosoever loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him .
1	hereby we know that we love the children of god , when we love god and do his commandments .
1	for this is the love of god , that we keep his commandments : and his commandments are not grievous .
1	for whatsoever is begotten of god overcometh the world : and this is the victory that hath overcome the world , even our faith .
1	and who is he that overcometh the world , but he that believeth that jesus is the son of god ?
1	this is he that came by water and blood , even jesus christ ; not with the water only , but with the water and with the blood .
1	and it is the spirit that beareth witness , because the spirit is the truth .
1	for there are three who bear witness , the spirit , and the water , and the blood : and the three agree in one .
1	and the witness is this , that god gave unto us eternal life , and this life is in his son .
1	he that hath the son hath the life ; he that hath not the son of god hath not the life .
1	and this is the boldness which we have toward him , that , if we ask anything according to his will , he heareth us :
1	and if we know that he heareth us whatsoever we ask , we know that we have the petitions which we have asked of him .
1	all unrighteousness is sin : and there is a sin not unto death .
1	we know that whosoever is begotten of god sinneth not ; but he that was begotten of god keepeth himself , and the evil one toucheth him not .
1	we know that we are of god , and the whole world lieth in the evil one .
1	my little children , guard yourselves from idols .
1	the elder unto the elect lady and her children , whom i love in truth ; and not i only , but also all they that know the truth ;
1	for the truth ’ s sake which abideth in us , and it shall be with us for ever :
1	i rejoice greatly that i have found certain of thy children walking in truth , even as we received commandment from the father .
1	look to yourselves , that ye lose not the things which we have wrought , but that ye receive a full reward .
1	if any one cometh unto you , and bringeth not this teaching , receive him not into your house , and give him no greeting :
1	for he that giveth him greeting partaketh in his evil works .
1	the children of thine elect sister salute thee .
1	the elder unto gaius the beloved , whom i love in truth .
1	beloved , i pray that in all things thou mayest prosper and be in health , even as thy soul prospereth .
1	for i rejoiced greatly , when brethren came and bare witness unto thy truth , even as thou walkest in truth .
1	greater joy have i none than this , to hear of my children walking in the truth .
1	beloved , thou doest a faithful work in whatsoever thou doest toward them that are brethren and strangers withal ;
1	who bare witness to thy love before the church : whom thou wilt do well to set forward on their journey worthily of god :
1	because that for the sake of the name they went forth , taking nothing of the gentiles .
1	we therefore ought to welcome such , that we may be fellow-workers for the truth .
1	i wrote somewhat unto the church : but diotrephes , who loveth to have the preeminence among them , receiveth us not .
1	demetrius hath the witness of all men , and of the truth itself : yea , we also bear witness ; and thou knowest that our witness is true .
1	i had many things to write unto thee , but i am unwilling to write them to thee with ink and pen :
1	the words of jeremiah the son of hilkiah , of the priests that were in anathoth in the land of benjamin :
1	to whom the word of jehovah came in the days of josiah the son of amon , king of judah , in the thirteenth year of his reign .
1	now the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	then said i , ah , lord jehovah ! behold , i know not how to speak ; for i am a child .
1	be not afraid because of them ; for i am with thee to deliver thee , saith jehovah .
1	then jehovah put forth his hand , and touched my mouth ; and jehovah said unto me , behold , i have put my words in thy mouth :
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto me , saying , jeremiah , what seest thou ? and i said , i see a rod of an almond-tree .
1	then said jehovah unto me , thou hast well seen : for i watch over my word to perform it .
1	then jehovah said unto me , out of the north evil shall break forth upon all the inhabitants of the land .
1	and they shall fight against thee ; but they shall not prevail against thee : for i am with thee , saith jehovah , to deliver thee .
1	and the word of jehovah came to me , saying ,
1	israel was holiness unto jehovah , the first-fruits of his increase : all that devour him shall be held guilty ; evil shall come upon them , saith jehovah .
1	hear ye the word of jehovah , o house of jacob , and all the families of the house of israel :
1	wherefore i will yet contend with you , saith jehovah , and with your children ’ s children will i contend .
1	hath a nation changed its gods , which yet are no gods ? but my people have changed their glory for that which doth not profit .
1	be astonished , o ye heavens , at this , and be horribly afraid , be ye very desolate , saith jehovah .
1	is israel a servant ? is he a home-born slave ? why is he become a prey ?
1	the young lions have roared upon him , and yelled ; and they have made his land waste : his cities are burned up , without inhabitant .
1	the children also of memphis and tahpanhes have broken the crown of thy head .
1	hast thou not procured this unto thyself , in that thou hast forsaken jehovah thy god , when he led thee by the way ?
1	yet i had planted thee a noble vine , wholly a right seed : how then art thou turned into the degenerate branches of a foreign vine unto me ?
1	for though thou wash thee with lye , and take thee much soap , yet thine iniquity is marked before me , saith the lord jehovah .
1	wherefore will ye contend with me ? ye all have transgressed against me , saith jehovah .
1	in vain have i smitten your children ; they received no correction : your own sword hath devoured your prophets , like a destroying lion .
1	can a virgin forget her ornaments , or a bride her attire ? yet my people have forgotten me days without number .
1	how trimmest thou thy way to seek love ! therefore even the wicked women hast thou taught thy ways .
1	why gaddest thou about so much to change thy way ? thou shalt be ashamed of egypt also , as thou wast ashamed of assyria .
1	therefore the showers have been withholden , and there hath been no latter rain ; yet thou hadst a harlot ’ s forehead , thou refusedst to be ashamed .
1	wilt thou not from this time cry unto me , my father , thou art the guide of my youth ?
1	and i said after she had done all these things , she will return unto me ; but she returned not : and her treacherous sister judah saw it .
1	and it came to pass through the lightness of her whoredom , that the land was polluted , and she committed adultery with stones and with stocks .
1	and yet for all this her treacherous sister judah hath not returned unto me with her whole heart , but feignedly , saith jehovah .
1	and jehovah said unto me , backsliding israel hath showed herself more righteous than treacherous judah .
1	and i will give you shepherds according to my heart , who shall feed you with knowledge and understanding .
1	surely as a wife treacherously departeth from her husband , so have ye dealt treacherously with me , o house of israel , saith jehovah .
1	return , ye backsliding children , i will heal your backslidings .
1	but the shameful thing hath devoured the labor of our fathers from our youth , their flocks and their herds , their sons and their daughters .
1	for thus saith jehovah to the men of judah and to jerusalem , break up your fallow ground , and sow not among thorns .
1	set up a standard toward zion : flee for safety , stay not ; for i will bring evil from the north , and a great destruction .
1	for this gird you with sackcloth , lament and wail ; for the fierce anger of jehovah is not turned back from us .
1	a full wind from these shall come for me : now will i also utter judgments against them .
1	o jerusalem , wash thy heart from wickedness , that thou mayest be saved . how long shall thine evil thoughts lodge within thee ?
1	for a voice declareth from dan , and publisheth evil from the hills of ephraim .
1	as keepers of a field are they against her round about , because she hath been rebellious against me , saith jehovah .
1	thy way and thy doings have procured these things unto thee ; this is thy wickedness ; for it is bitter , for it reacheth unto thy heart .
1	destruction upon destruction is cried ; for the whole land is laid waste : suddenly are my tents destroyed , and my curtains in a moment .
1	how long shall i see the standard , and hear the sound of the trumpet ?
1	i beheld the earth , and , lo , it was waste and void ; and the heavens , and they had no light .
1	i beheld the mountains , and , lo , they trembled , and all the hills moved to and fro .
1	i beheld , and , lo , there was no man , and all the birds of the heavens were fled .
1	for thus saith jehovah , the whole land shall be a desolation ; yet will i not make a full end .
1	and though they say , as jehovah liveth ; surely they swear falsely .
1	then i said , surely these are poor ; they are foolish ; for they know not the way of jehovah , nor the law of their god :
1	they were as fed horses roaming at large ; every one neighed after his neighbor ’ s wife .
1	shall i not visit for these things ? saith jehovah ; and shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
1	go ye up upon her walls , and destroy ; but make not a full end : take away her branches ; for they are not jehovah ’ s .
1	for the house of israel and the house of judah have dealt very treacherously against me , saith jehovah .
1	they have denied jehovah , and said , it is not he ; neither shall evil come upon us ; neither shall we see sword nor famine :
1	and the prophets shall become wind , and the word is not in them : thus shall it be done unto them .
1	their quiver is an open sepulchre , they are all mighty men .
1	but even in those days , saith jehovah , i will not make a full end with you .
1	declare ye this in the house of jacob , and publish it in judah , saying ,
1	hear now this , o foolish people , and without understanding ; that have eyes , and see not ; that have ears , and hear not :
1	but this people hath a revolting and a rebellious heart ; they are revolted and gone .
1	your iniquities have turned away these things , and your sins have withholden good from you .
1	for among my people are found wicked men : they watch , as fowlers lie in wait ; they set a trap , they catch men .
1	as a cage is full of birds , so are their houses full of deceit : therefore they are become great , and waxed rich .
1	shall i not visit for these things ? saith jehovah ; shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
1	a wonderful and horrible thing is come to pass in the land :
1	the comely and delicate one , the daughter of zion , will i cut off .
1	shepherds with their flocks shall come unto her ; they shall pitch their tents against her round about ; they shall feed every one in his place .
1	arise , and let us go up by night , and let us destroy her palaces .
1	be thou instructed , o jerusalem , lest my soul be alienated from thee ; lest i make thee a desolation , a land not inhabited .
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts , they shall thoroughly glean the remnant of israel as a vine : turn again thy hand as a grape-gatherer into the baskets .
1	they have healed also the hurt of my people slightly , saying , peace , peace ; when there is no peace .
1	and i set watchmen over you , saying , hearken to the sound of the trumpet ; but they said , we will not hearken .
1	therefore hear , ye nations , and know , o congregation , what is among them .
1	thus saith jehovah , behold , a people cometh from the north country ; and a great nation shall be stirred up from the uttermost parts of the earth .
1	we have heard the report thereof ; our hands wax feeble : anguish hath taken hold of us , and pangs as of a woman in travail .
1	go not forth into the field , nor walk by the way ; for the sword of the enemy , and terror , are on every side .
1	i have made thee a trier and a fortress among my people ; that thou mayest know and try their way .
1	they are all grievous revolters , going about with slanders ; they are brass and iron : they all of them deal corruptly .
1	the bellows blow fiercely ; the lead is consumed of the fire : in vain do they go on refining ; for the wicked are not plucked away .
1	refuse silver shall men call them , because jehovah hath rejected them .
1	the word that came to jeremiah from jehovah , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts , the god of israel , amend your ways and your doings , and i will cause you to dwell in this place .
1	trust ye not in lying words , saying , the temple of jehovah , the temple of jehovah , the temple of jehovah , are these .
1	for if ye thoroughly amend your ways and your doings ; if ye thoroughly execute justice between a man and his neighbor ;
1	then will i cause you to dwell in this place , in the land that i gave to your fathers , from of old even for evermore .
1	behold , ye trust in lying words , that can not profit .
1	and i will cast you out of my sight , as i have cast out all your brethren , even the whole seed of ephraim .
1	therefore pray not thou for this people , neither lift up cry nor prayer for them , neither make intercession to me ; for i will not hear thee .
1	seest thou not what they do in the cities of judah and in the streets of jerusalem ?
1	do they provoke me to anger ? saith jehovah ; do they not provoke themselves , to the confusion of their own faces ?
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts , the god of israel : add your burnt-offerings unto your sacrifices , and eat ye flesh .
1	for i spake not unto your fathers , nor commanded them in the day that i brought them out of the land of egypt , concerning burnt-offerings or sacrifices :
1	yet they hearkened not unto me , nor inclined their ear , but made their neck stiff : they did worse than their fathers .
1	moreover thou shalt say unto them , thus saith jehovah : shall men fall , and not rise up again ? shall one turn away , and not return ?
1	why then is this people of jerusalem slidden back by a perpetual backsliding ? they hold fast deceit , they refuse to return .
1	and they have healed the hurt of the daughter of my people slightly , saying , peace , peace ; when there is no peace .
1	we looked for peace , but no good came ; and for a time of healing , and , behold , dismay !
1	for , behold , i will send serpents , adders , among you , which will not be charmed ; and they shall bite you , saith jehovah .
1	oh that i could comfort myself against sorrow ! my heart is faint within me .
1	the harvest is past , the summer is ended , and we are not saved .
1	for the hurt of the daughter of my people am i hurt : i mourn ; dismay hath taken hold on me .
1	is there no balm in gilead ? is there no physician there ? why then is not the health of the daughter of my people recovered ?
1	thy habitation is in the midst of deceit ; through deceit they refuse to know me , saith jehovah .
1	shall i not visit them for these things ? saith jehovah ; shall not my soul be avenged on such a nation as this ?
1	and i will make jerusalem heaps , a dwelling-place of jackals ; and i will make the cities of judah a desolation , without inhabitant .
1	and jehovah saith , because they have forsaken my law which i set before them , and have not obeyed my voice , neither walked therein ,
1	but have walked after the stubbornness of their own heart , and after the baalim , which their fathers taught them ;
1	behold , the days come , saith jehovah , that i will punish all them that are circumcised in their uncircumcision :
1	hear ye the word which jehovah speaketh unto you , o house of israel :
1	thus saith jehovah , learn not the way of the nations , and be not dismayed at the signs of heaven ; for the nations are dismayed at them .
1	they deck it with silver and with gold ; they fasten it with nails and with hammers , that it move not .
1	there is none like unto thee , o jehovah ; thou art great , and thy name is great in might .
1	but they are together brutish and foolish : the instruction of idols ! it is but a stock .
1	he hath made the earth by his power , he hath established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding hath he stretched out the heavens .
1	they are vanity , a work of delusion : in the time of their visitation they shall perish .
1	gather up thy wares out of the land , o thou that abidest in the siege .
1	woe is me because of my hurt ! my wound is grievous : but i said , truly this is my grief , and i must bear it .
1	for the shepherds are become brutish , and have not inquired of jehovah : therefore they have not prospered , and all their flocks are scattered .
1	o jehovah , i know that the way of man is not in himself ; it is not in man that walketh to direct his steps .
1	o jehovah , correct me , but in measure ; not in thine anger , lest thou bring me to nothing .
1	the word that came to jeremiah from jehovah , saying ,
1	hear ye the words of this covenant , and speak unto the men of judah , and to the inhabitants of jerusalem ;
1	and say thou unto them , thus saith jehovah , the god of israel : cursed be the man that heareth not the words of this covenant ,
1	and jehovah said unto me , a conspiracy is found among the men of judah , and among the inhabitants of jerusalem .
1	and jehovah gave me knowledge of it , and i knew it : then thou showedst me their doings .
1	and there shall be no remnant unto them : for i will bring evil upon the men of anathoth , even the year of their visitation .
1	i have forsaken my house , i have cast off my heritage ; i have given the dearly beloved of my soul into the hand of her enemies .
1	my heritage is become unto me as a lion in the forest : she hath uttered her voice against me ; therefore i have hated her .
1	many shepherds have destroyed my vineyard , they have trodden my portion under foot , they have made my pleasant portion a desolate wilderness .
1	they have made it a desolation ; it mourneth unto me , being desolate ; the whole land is made desolate , because no man layeth it to heart .
1	but if they will not hear , then will i pluck up that nation , plucking up and destroying it , saith jehovah .
1	thus saith jehovah unto me , go , and buy thee a linen girdle , and put it upon thy loins , and put it not in water .
1	so i bought a girdle according to the word of jehovah , and put it upon my loins .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me the second time , saying ,
1	so i went , and hid it by the euphrates , as jehovah commanded me .
1	then the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah , after this manner will i mar the pride of judah , and the great pride of jerusalem .
1	hear ye , and give ear ; be not proud ; for jehovah hath spoken .
1	say thou unto the king and to the queen-mother , humble yourselves , sit down ; for your headtires are come down , even the crown of your glory .
1	lift up your eyes , and behold them that come from the north : where is the flock that was given thee , thy beautiful flock ?
1	can the ethiopian change his skin , or the leopard his spots ? then may ye also do good , that are accustomed to do evil .
1	therefore will i scatter them , as the stubble that passeth away , by the wind of the wilderness .
1	this is thy lot , the portion measured unto thee from me , saith jehovah ; because thou hast forgotten me , and trusted in falsehood .
1	therefore will i also uncover thy skirts upon thy face , and thy shame shall appear .
1	the word of jehovah that came to jeremiah concerning the drought .
1	judah mourneth , and the gates thereof languish , they sit in black upon the ground ; and the cry of jerusalem is gone up .
1	because of the ground which is cracked , for that no rain hath been in the land , the plowmen are put to shame , they cover their heads .
1	yea , the hind also in the field calveth , and forsaketh her young , because there is no grass .
1	and the wild asses stand on the bare heights , they pant for air like jackals ; their eyes fail , because there is no herbage .
1	and jehovah said unto me , pray not for this people for their good .
1	we acknowledge , o jehovah , our wickedness , and the iniquity of our fathers ; for we have sinned against thee .
1	do not abhor us , for thy name ’ s sake ; do not disgrace the throne of thy glory : remember , break not thy covenant with us .
1	for who will have pity upon thee , o jerusalem ? or who will bemoan thee ? or who will turn aside to ask of thy welfare ?
1	can one break iron , even iron from the north , and brass ?
1	thy substance and thy treasures will i give for a spoil without price , and that for all thy sins , even in all thy borders .
1	and i will deliver thee out of the hand of the wicked , and i will redeem thee out of the hand of the terrible .
1	the word of jehovah came also unto me , saying ,
1	thou shalt not take thee a wife , neither shalt thou have sons or daughters , in this place .
1	and thou shalt not go into the house of feasting to sit with them , to eat and to drink .
1	for mine eyes are upon all their ways ; they are not hid from my face , neither is their iniquity concealed from mine eyes .
1	shall a man make unto himself gods , which yet are no gods ?
1	whilst their children remember their altars and their asherim by the green trees upon the high hills .
1	thus saith jehovah : cursed is the man that trusteth in man , and maketh flesh his arm , and whose heart departeth from jehovah .
1	blessed is the man that trusteth in jehovah , and whose trust jehovah is .
1	the heart is deceitful above all things , and it is exceedingly corrupt : who can know it ?
1	a glorious throne , set on high from the beginning , is the place of our sanctuary .
1	heal me , o jehovah , and i shall be healed ; save me , and i shall be saved : for thou art my praise .
1	behold , they say unto me , where is the word of jehovah ? let it come now .
1	be not a terror unto me : thou art my refuge in the day of evil .
1	thus saith jehovah , take heed to yourselves , and bear no burden on the sabbath day , nor bring it in by the gates of jerusalem ;
1	but they hearkened not , neither inclined their ear , but made their neck stiff , that they might not hear , and might not receive instruction .
1	the word which came to jeremiah from jehovah , saying ,
1	arise , and go down to the potter ’ s house , and there i will cause thee to hear my words .
1	then i went down to the potter ’ s house , and , behold , he was making a work on the wheels .
1	then the word of jehovah came to me , saying ,
1	at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to pluck up and to break down and to destroy it ;
1	if that nation , concerning which i have spoken , turn from their evil , i will repent of the evil that i thought to do unto them .
1	and at what instant i shall speak concerning a nation , and concerning a kingdom , to build and to plant it ;
1	therefore thus saith jehovah : ask ye now among the nations , who hath heard such things ; the virgin of israel hath done a very horrible thing .
1	shall the snow of lebanon fail from the rock of the field ? or shall the cold waters that flow down from afar be dried up ?
1	to make their land an astonishment , and a perpetual hissing ; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished , and shake his head .
1	give heed to me , o jehovah , and hearken to the voice of them that contend with me .
1	and i will make this city an astonishment , and a hissing ; every one that passeth thereby shall be astonished and hiss because of all the plagues thereof .
1	then shalt thou break the bottle in the sight of the men that go with thee ,
1	thus will i do unto this place , saith jehovah , and to the inhabitants thereof , even making this city as topheth :
1	now pashhur , the son of immer the priest , who was chief officer in the house of jehovah , heard jeremiah prophesying these things .
1	then pashhur smote jeremiah the prophet , and put him in the stocks that were in the upper gate of benjamin , which was in the house of jehovah .
1	sing unto jehovah , praise ye jehovah ; for he hath delivered the soul of the needy from the hand of evil-doers .
1	cursed be the day wherein i was born : let not the day wherein my mother bare me be blessed .
1	cursed be the man who brought tidings to my father , saying , a man-child is born unto thee ; making him very glad .
1	because he slew me not from the womb ; and so my mother would have been my grave , and her womb always great .
1	wherefore came i forth out of the womb to see labor and sorrow , that my days should be consumed with shame ?
1	then said jeremiah unto them , thus shall ye say to zedekiah :
1	and i myself will fight against you with an outstretched hand and with a strong arm , even in anger , and in wrath , and in great indignation .
1	and i will smite the inhabitants of this city , both man and beast : they shall die of a great pestilence .
1	and unto this people thou shalt say , thus saith jehovah : behold , i set before you the way of life and the way of death .
1	and touching the house of the king of judah , hear ye the word of jehovah :
1	thus said jehovah : go down to the house of the king of judah , and speak there this word ,
1	but if ye will not hear these words , i swear by myself , saith jehovah , that this house shall become a desolation .
1	and i will prepare destroyers against thee , every one with his weapons ; and they shall cut down thy choice cedars , and cast them into the fire .
1	and many nations shall pass by this city , and they shall say every man to his neighbor , wherefore hath jehovah done thus unto this great city ?
1	then they shall answer , because they forsook the covenant of jehovah their god , and worshipped other gods , and served them .
1	but in the place whither they have led him captive , there shall he die , and he shall see this land no more .
1	he judged the cause of the poor and needy ; then it was well . was not this to know me ? saith jehovah .
1	he shall be buried with the burial of an ass , drawn and cast forth beyond the gates of jerusalem .
1	go up to lebanon , and cry ; and lift up thy voice in bashan , and cry from abarim ; for all thy lovers are destroyed .
1	the wind shall feed all thy shepherds , and thy lovers shall go into captivity : surely then shalt thou be ashamed and confounded for all thy wickedness .
1	and i will cast thee out , and thy mother that bare thee , into another country , where ye were not born ; and there shall ye die .
1	but to the land whereunto their soul longeth to return , thither shall they not return .
1	o earth , earth , earth , hear the word of jehovah .
1	woe unto the shepherds that destroy and scatter the sheep of my pasture ! saith jehovah .
1	in his days judah shall be saved , and israel shall dwell safely ; and this is his name whereby he shall be called : jehovah our righteousness .
1	for both prophet and priest are profane ; yea , in my house have i found their wickedness , saith jehovah .
1	and i have seen folly in the prophets of samaria ; they prophesied by baal , and caused my people israel to err .
1	for who hath stood in the council of jehovah , that he should perceive and hear his word ? who hath marked my word , and heard it ?
1	i sent not these prophets , yet they ran : i spake not unto them , yet they prophesied .
1	am i a god at hand , saith jehovah , and not a god afar off ?
1	can any hide himself in secret places so that i shall not see him ? saith jehovah . do not i fill heaven and earth ? saith jehovah .
1	i have heard what the prophets have said , that prophesy lies in my name , saying , i have dreamed , i have dreamed .
1	how long shall this be in the heart of the prophets that prophesy lies , even the prophets of the deceit of their own heart ?
1	is not my word like fire ? saith jehovah ; and like a hammer that breaketh the rock in pieces ?
1	therefore , behold , i am against the prophets , saith jehovah , that steal my words every one from his neighbor .
1	behold , i am against the prophets , saith jehovah , that use their tongues , and say , he saith .
1	thus shall ye say every one to his neighbor , and every one to his brother , what hath jehovah answered ? and , what hath jehovah spoken ?
1	thus shalt thou say to the prophet , what hath jehovah answered thee ? and , what hath jehovah spoken ?
1	and i will bring an everlasting reproach upon you , and a perpetual shame , which shall not be forgotten .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	which jeremiah the prophet spake unto all the people of judah , and to all the inhabitants of jerusalem , saying :
1	yet ye have not hearkened unto me , saith jehovah ; that ye may provoke me to anger with the work of your hands to your own hurt .
1	therefore thus saith jehovah of hosts : because ye have not heard my words ,
1	and this whole land shall be a desolation , and an astonishment ; and these nations shall serve the king of babylon seventy years .
1	and they shall drink , and reel to and fro , and be mad , because of the sword that i will send among them .
1	then took i the cup at jehovah ’ s hand , and made all the nations to drink , unto whom jehovah had sent me :
1	pharaoh king of egypt , and his servants , and his princes , and all his people ;
1	edom , and moab , and the children of ammon ;
1	and all the kings of tyre , and all the kings of sidon , and the kings of the isle which is beyond the sea ;
1	dedan , and tema , and buz , and all that have the corners of their hair cut off ;
1	and all the kings of arabia , and all the kings of the mingled people that dwell in the wilderness ;
1	and all the kings of zimri , and all the kings of elam , and all the kings of the medes ;
1	and the shepherds shall have no way to flee , nor the principal of the flock to escape .
1	a voice of the cry of the shepherds , and the wailing of the principal of the flock ! for jehovah layeth waste their pasture .
1	and the peaceable folds are brought to silence because of the fierce anger of jehovah .
1	in the beginning of the reign of jehoiakim the son of josiah , king of judah , came this word from jehovah , saying ,
1	then will i make this house like shiloh , and will make this city a curse to all the nations of the earth .
1	and the priests and the prophets and all the people heard jeremiah speaking these words in the house of jehovah .
1	but as for me , behold , i am in your hand : do with me as is good and right in your eyes .
1	then rose up certain of the elders of the land , and spake to all the assembly of the people , saying ,
1	and jehoiakim the king sent men into egypt , namely , elnathan the son of achbor , and certain men with him , into egypt ;
1	in the beginning of the reign of jehoiakim the son of josiah , king of judah , came this word unto jeremiah from jehovah , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah to me : make thee bonds and bars , and put them upon thy neck ;
1	and give them a charge unto their masters , saying , thus saith jehovah of hosts , the god of israel , thus shall ye say unto your masters :
1	for they prophesy a lie unto you , to remove you far from your land , and that i should drive you out , and ye should perish .
1	hearken not unto them ; serve the king of babylon , and live : wherefore should this city become a desolation ?
1	thus speaketh jehovah of hosts , the god of israel , saying , i have broken the yoke of the king of babylon .
1	nevertheless hear thou now this word that i speak in thine ears , and in the ears of all the people :
1	then hananiah the prophet took the bar from off the prophet jeremiah ’ s neck , and brake it .
1	then the word of jehovah came unto jeremiah , after that hananiah the prophet had broken the bar from off the neck of the prophet jeremiah , saying ,
1	so hananiah the prophet died the same year in the seventh month .
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts , the god of israel , unto all the captivity , whom i have caused to be carried away captive from jerusalem unto babylon :
1	build ye houses , and dwell in them ; and plant gardens , and eat the fruit of them .
1	for they prophesy falsely unto you in my name : i have not sent them , saith jehovah .
1	and ye shall call upon me , and ye shall go and pray unto me , and i will hearken unto you .
1	and ye shall seek me , and find me , when ye shall search for me with all your heart .
1	because ye have said , jehovah hath raised us up prophets in babylon ;
1	hear ye therefore the word of jehovah , all ye of the captivity , whom i have sent away from jerusalem to babylon .
1	and concerning shemaiah the nehelamite thou shalt speak , saying ,
1	now therefore , why hast thou not rebuked jeremiah of anathoth , who maketh himself a prophet to you ,
1	and zephaniah the priest read this letter in the ears of jeremiah the prophet .
1	then came the word of jehovah unto jeremiah , saying ,
1	the word that came to jeremiah from jehovah , saying ,
1	thus speaketh jehovah , the god of israel , saying , write thee all the words that i have spoken unto thee in a book .
1	and these are the words that jehovah spake concerning israel and concerning judah .
1	for thus saith jehovah : we have heard a voice of trembling , of fear , and not of peace .
1	but they shall serve jehovah their god , and david their king , whom i will raise up unto them .
1	for thus saith jehovah , thy hurt is incurable , and thy wound grievous .
1	there is none to plead thy cause , that thou mayest be bound up : thou hast no healing medicines .
1	their children also shall be as aforetime , and their congregation shall be established before me ; and i will punish all that oppress them .
1	and ye shall be my people , and i will be your god .
1	behold , the tempest of jehovah , even his wrath , is gone forth , a sweeping tempest : it shall burst upon the head of the wicked .
1	at that time , saith jehovah , will i be the god of all the families of israel , and they shall be my people .
1	thus saith jehovah , the people that were left of the sword found favor in the wilderness ; even israel , when i went to cause him to rest .
1	jehovah appeared of old unto me , saying , yea , i have loved thee with an everlasting love : therefore with lovingkindness have i drawn thee .
1	again shalt thou plant vineyards upon the mountains of samaria ; the planters shall plant , and shall enjoy the fruit thereof .
1	for jehovah hath ransomed jacob , and redeemed him from the hand of him that was stronger than he .
1	and i will satiate the soul of the priests with fatness , and my people shall be satisfied with my goodness , saith jehovah .
1	and there is hope for thy latter end , saith jehovah ; and thy children shall come again to their own border .
1	and judah and all the cities thereof shall dwell therein together , the husbandmen , and they that go about with flocks .
1	for i have satiated the weary soul , and every sorrowful soul have i replenished .
1	upon this i awaked , and beheld ; and my sleep was sweet unto me .
1	in those days they shall say no more , the fathers have eaten sour grapes , and the children ’ s teeth are set on edge .
1	but every one shall die for his own iniquity : every man that eateth the sour grapes , his teeth shall be set on edge .
1	behold , the days come , saith jehovah , that i will make a new covenant with the house of israel , and with the house of judah :
1	if these ordinances depart from before me , saith jehovah , then the seed of israel also shall cease from being a nation before me for ever .
1	behold , the days come , saith jehovah , that the city shall be built to jehovah from the tower of hananel unto the gate of the corner .
1	and the measuring line shall go out further straight onward unto the hill gareb , and shall turn about unto goah .
1	the word that came to jeremiah from jehovah in the tenth year of zedekiah king of judah , which was the eighteenth year of nebuchadrezzar .
1	and jeremiah said , the word of jehovah came unto me , saying ,
1	and i bought the field that was in anathoth of hanamel mine uncle ’ s son , and weighed him the money , even seventeen shekels of silver .
1	and i subscribed the deed , and sealed it , and called witnesses , and weighed him the money in the balances .
1	so i took the deed of the purchase , both that which was sealed , according to the law and custom , and that which was open :
1	and i charged baruch before them , saying ,
1	for thus saith jehovah of hosts , the god of israel : houses and fields and vineyards shall yet again be bought in this land .
1	now after i had delivered the deed of the purchase unto baruch the son of neriah , i prayed unto jehovah , saying ,
1	and gavest them this land , which thou didst swear to their fathers to give them , a land flowing with milk and honey ;
1	then came the word of jehovah unto jeremiah , saying ,
1	behold , i am jehovah , the god of all flesh : is there anything too hard for me ?
1	but they set their abominations in the house which is called by my name , to defile it .
1	and they shall be my people , and i will be their god :
1	moreover the word of jehovah came unto jeremiah the second time , while he was yet shut up in the court of the guard , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah that doeth it , jehovah that formeth it to establish it ; jehovah is his name :
1	call unto me , and i will answer thee , and will show thee great things , and difficult , which thou knowest not .
1	behold , i will bring it health and cure , and i will cure them ; and i will reveal unto them abundance of peace and truth .
1	and i will cause the captivity of judah and the captivity of israel to return , and will build them , as at the first .
1	in those days shall judah be saved , and jerusalem shall dwell safely ; and this is the name whereby she shall be called : jehovah our righteousness .
1	for thus saith jehovah : david shall never want a man to sit upon the throne of the house of israel ;
1	neither shall the priests the levites want a man before me to offer burnt-offerings , and to burn meal-offerings , and to do sacrifice continually .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto jeremiah , saying ,
1	and the word of jehovah came to jeremiah , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah : if my covenant of day and night stand not , if i have not appointed the ordinances of heaven and earth ;
1	yet hear the word of jehovah , o zedekiah king of judah : thus saith jehovah concerning thee , thou shalt not die by the sword ;
1	then jeremiah the prophet spake all these words unto zedekiah king of judah in jerusalem ,
1	therefore the word of jehovah came to jeremiah from jehovah , saying ,
1	the word which came unto jeremiah from jehovah in the days of jehoiakim the son of josiah , king of judah , saying ,
1	and i set before the sons of the house of the rechabites bowls full of wine , and cups ; and i said unto them , drink ye wine .
1	nor to build houses for us to dwell in ; neither have we vineyard , nor field , nor seed :
1	but we have dwelt in tents , and have obeyed , and done according to all that jonadab our father commanded us .
1	then came the word of jehovah unto jeremiah , saying ,
1	therefore thus saith jehovah of hosts , the god of israel : jonadab the son of rechab shall not want a man to stand before me for ever .
1	and jeremiah commanded baruch , saying , i am shut up ; i can not go into the house of jehovah :
1	and when micaiah the son of gemariah , the son of shaphan , had heard out of the book all the words of jehovah ,
1	then micaiah declared unto them all the words that he had heard , when baruch read the book in the ears of the people .
1	and they said unto him , sit down now , and read it in our ears . so baruch read it in their ears .
1	and they asked baruch , saying , tell us now , how didst thou write all these words at his mouth ?
1	then baruch answered them , he pronounced all these words unto me with his mouth , and i wrote them with ink in the book .
1	then said the princes unto baruch , go , hide thee , thou and jeremiah ; and let no man know where ye are .
1	now the king was sitting in the winter-house in the ninth month : and there was a fire in the brazier burning before him .
1	and they were not afraid , nor rent their garments , neither the king , nor any of his servants that heard all these words .
1	moreover elnathan and delaiah and gemariah had made intercession to the king that he would not burn the roll ; but he would not hear them .
1	take thee again another roll , and write in it all the former words that were in the first roll , which jehoiakim the king of judah hath burned .
1	now jeremiah came in and went out among the people ; for they had not put him into prison .
1	then came the word of jehovah unto the prophet jeremiah , saying ,
1	and the chaldeans shall come again , and fight against this city ; and they shall take it , and burn it with fire .
1	thus saith jehovah , deceive not yourselves , saying , the chaldeans shall surely depart from us ; for they shall not depart .
1	and it came to pass that , when the army of the chaldeans was broken up from jerusalem for fear of pharaoh ’ s army ,
1	then jeremiah went forth out of jerusalem to go into the land of benjamin , to receive his portion there , in the midst of the people .
1	when jeremiah was come into the dungeon-house , and into the cells , and jeremiah had remained there many days ;
1	where now are your prophets that prophesied unto you , saying , the king of babylon shall not come against you , nor against this land ?
1	thus saith jehovah , this city shall surely be given into the hand of the army of the king of babylon , and he shall take it .
1	and zedekiah the king said , behold , he is in your hand ; for the king is not he that can do anything against you .
1	ebed-melech went forth out of the king ’ s house , and spake to the king , saying ,
1	and ebed-melech the ethiopian said unto jeremiah , put now these rags and worn-out garments under thine armholes under the cords . and jeremiah did so .
1	so they drew up jeremiah with the cords , and took him up out of the dungeon : and jeremiah remained in the court of the guard .
1	but if thou refuse to go forth , this is the word that jehovah hath showed me :
1	then said zedekiah unto jeremiah , let no man know of these words , and thou shalt not die .
1	so jeremiah abode in the court of the guard until the day that jerusalem was taken .
1	in the eleventh year of zedekiah , in the fourth month , the ninth day of the month , a breach was made in the city ) ,
1	then the king of babylon slew the sons of zedekiah in riblah before his eyes : also the king of babylon slew all the nobles of judah .
1	moreover he put out zedekiah ’ s eyes , and bound him in fetters , to carry him to babylon .
1	and the chaldeans burned the king ’ s house , and the houses of the people , with fire , and brake down the walls of jerusalem .
1	now nebuchadrezzar king of babylon gave charge concerning jeremiah to nebuzaradan the captain of the guard , saying ,
1	take him , and look well to him , and do him no harm ; but do unto him even as he shall say unto thee .
1	so nebuzaradan the captain of the guard sent , and nebushazban , rab-saris , and nergal-sharezer , rab-mag , and all the chief officers of the king of babylon ;
1	now the word of jehovah came unto jeremiah , while he was shut up in the court of the guard , saying ,
1	but i will deliver thee in that day , saith jehovah ; and thou shalt not be given into the hand of the men of whom thou art afraid .
1	and the captain of the guard took jeremiah , and said unto him , jehovah thy god pronounced this evil upon this place ;
1	then went jeremiah unto gedaliah the son of ahikam to mizpah , and dwelt with him among the people that were left in the land .
1	moreover johanan the son of kareah , and all the captains of the forces that were in the fields , came to gedaliah to mizpah ,
1	but gedaliah the son of ahikam said unto johanan the son of kareah , thou shalt not do this thing ; for thou speakest falsely of ishmael .
1	and it came to pass the second day after he had slain gedaliah , and no man knew it ,
1	then they took all the men , and went to fight with ishmael the son of nethaniah , and found him by the great waters that are in gibeon .
1	so all the people that ishmael had carried away captive from mizpah turned about and came back , and went unto johanan the son of kareah .
1	but ishmael the son of nethaniah escaped from johanan with eight men , and went to the children of ammon .
1	and they departed , and dwelt in geruth chimham , which is by beth-lehem , to go to enter into egypt ,
1	that jehovah thy god may show us the way wherein we should walk , and the thing that we should do .
1	and it came to pass after ten days , that the word of jehovah came unto jeremiah .
1	and said unto them , thus saith jehovah , the god of israel , unto whom ye sent me to present your supplication before him :
1	and i will grant you mercy , that he may have mercy upon you , and cause you to return to your own land .
1	but if ye say , we will not dwell in this land ; so that ye obey not the voice of jehovah your god ,
1	jehovah hath spoken concerning you , o remnant of judah , go ye not into egypt : know certainly that i have testified unto you this day .
1	and they came into the land of egypt ; for they obeyed not the voice of jehovah : and they came unto tahpanhes .
1	then came the word of jehovah unto jeremiah in tahpanhes , saying ,
1	but they hearkened not , nor inclined their ear to turn from their wickedness , to burn no incense unto other gods .
1	as for the word that thou hast spoken unto us in the name of jehovah , we will not hearken unto thee .
1	moreover jeremiah said unto all the people , and to all the women , hear the word of jehovah , all judah that are in the land of egypt :
1	thus saith jehovah , the god of israel , unto thee , o baruch :
1	the word of jehovah which came to jeremiah the prophet concerning the nations .
1	prepare ye the buckler and shield , and draw near to battle .
1	harness the horses , and get up , ye horsemen , and stand forth with your helmets ; furbish the spears , put on the coats of mail .
1	let not the swift flee away , nor the mighty man escape ; in the north by the river euphrates have they stumbled and fallen .
1	who is this that riseth up like the nile , whose waters toss themselves like the rivers ?
1	go up into gilead , and take balm , o virgin daughter of egypt : in vain dost thou use many medicines ; there is no healing for thee .
1	the word that jehovah spake to jeremiah the prophet , how that nebuchadrezzar king of babylon should come and smite the land of egypt .
1	why are thy strong ones swept away ? they stood not , because jehovah did drive them .
1	they cried there , pharaoh king of egypt is but a noise ; he hath let the appointed time pass by .
1	egypt is a very fair heifer ; but destruction out of the north is come , it is come .
1	the sound thereof shall go like the serpent ; for they shall march with an army , and come against her with axes , as hewers of wood .
1	they shall cut down her forest , saith jehovah , though it can not be searched ; because they are more than the locusts , and are innumerable .
1	the daughter of egypt shall be put to shame ; she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of the north .
1	the word of jehovah that came to jeremiah the prophet concerning the philistines , before that pharaoh smote gaza .
1	baldness is come upon gaza ; ashkelon is brought to nought , the remnant of their valley : how long wilt thou cut thyself ?
1	o thou sword of jehovah , how long will it be ere thou be quiet ? put up thyself into thy scabbard ; rest , and be still .
1	how canst thou be quiet , seeing jehovah hath given thee a charge ? against ashkelon , and against the sea-shore , there hath he appointed it .
1	the sound of a cry from horonaim , desolation and great destruction !
1	moab is destroyed ; her little ones have caused a cry to be heard .
1	flee , save your lives , and be like the heath in the wilderness .
1	give wings unto moab , that she may fly and get her away : and her cities shall become a desolation , without any to dwell therein .
1	cursed be he that doeth the work of jehovah negligently ; and cursed be he that keepeth back his sword from blood .
1	and moab shall be ashamed of chemosh , as the house of israel was ashamed of beth-el their confidence .
1	how say ye , we are mighty men , and valiant men for the war ?
1	the calamity of moab is near to come , and his affliction hasteth fast .
1	o inhabitant of aroer , stand by the way , and watch : ask him that fleeth , and her that escapeth ; say , what hath been done ?
1	moab is put to shame ; for it is broken down : wail and cry ; tell ye it by the arnon , that moab is laid waste .
1	and judgment is come upon the plain country , upon holon , and upon jahzah , and upon mephaath ,
1	and upon dibon , and upon nebo , and upon beth-diblathaim ,
1	and upon kiriathaim , and upon beth-gamul , and upon beth-meon ,
1	and upon kerioth , and upon bozrah , and upon all the cities of the land of moab , far or near .
1	the horn of moab is cut off , and his arm is broken , saith jehovah .
1	make ye him drunken ; for he magnified himself against jehovah : and moab shall wallow in his vomit , and he also shall be in derision .
1	for was not israel a derision unto thee ? was he found among thieves ? for as often as thou speakest of him , thou waggest the head .
1	i know his wrath , saith jehovah , that it is nought ; his boastings have wrought nothing .
1	therefore will i wail for moab ; yea , i will cry out for all moab : for the men of kir-heres shall they mourn .
1	moreover i will cause to cease in moab , saith jehovah , him that offereth in the high place , and him that burneth incense to his gods .
1	for every head is bald , and every beard clipped : upon all the hands are cuttings , and upon the loins sackcloth .
1	for thus saith jehovah : behold , he shall fly as an eagle , and shall spread out his wings against moab .
1	and moab shall be destroyed from being a people , because he hath magnified himself against jehovah .
1	fear , and the pit , and the snare , are upon thee , o inhabitant of moab , saith jehovah .
1	woe unto thee , o moab ! the people of chemosh is undone ; for thy sons are taken away captive , and thy daughters into captivity .
1	yet will i bring back the captivity of moab in the latter days , saith jehovah . thus far is the judgment of moab .
1	wherefore gloriest thou in the valleys , thy flowing valley , o backsliding daughter ? that trusted in her treasures , saying , who shall come unto me ?
1	but afterward i will bring back the captivity of the children of ammon , saith jehovah .
1	of edom . thus saith jehovah of hosts : is wisdom no more in teman ? is counsel perished from the prudent ? is their wisdom vanished ?
1	if grape-gatherers came to thee , would they not leave some gleaning grapes ? if thieves by night , would they not destroy till they had enough ?
1	leave thy fatherless children , i will preserve them alive ; and let thy widows trust in me .
1	for , behold , i have made thee small among the nations , and despised among men .
1	and edom shall become an astonishment : every one that passeth by it shall be astonished , and shall hiss at all the plagues thereof .
1	the earth trembleth at the noise of their fall ; there is a cry , the noise whereof is heard in the red sea .
1	how is the city of praise not forsaken , the city of my joy ?
1	therefore her young men shall fall in her streets , and all the men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , saith jehovah of hosts .
1	and i will kindle a fire in the wall of damascus , and it shall devour the palaces of ben-hadad .
1	of kedar , and of the kingdoms of hazor , which nebuchadrezzar king of babylon smote .
1	and hazor shall be a dwelling-place of jackals , a desolation for ever : no man shall dwell there , neither shall any son of man sojourn therein .
1	the word of jehovah that came to jeremiah the prophet concerning elam , in the beginning of the reign of zedekiah king of judah , saying ,
1	thus saith jehovah of hosts : behold , i will break the bow of elam , the chief of their might .
1	and i will set my throne in elam , and will destroy from thence king and princes , saith jehovah .
1	but it shall come to pass in the latter days , that i will bring back the captivity of elam , saith jehovah .
1	the word that jehovah spake concerning babylon , concerning the land of the chaldeans , by jeremiah the prophet .
1	they shall inquire concerning zion with their faces thitherward , saying , come ye , and join yourselves to jehovah in an everlasting covenant that shall not be forgotten .
1	flee out of the midst of babylon , and go forth out of the land of the chaldeans , and be as the he-goats before the flocks .
1	and chaldea shall be a prey : all that prey upon her shall be satisfied , saith jehovah .
1	a sound of battle is in the land , and of great destruction .
1	how is the hammer of the whole earth cut asunder and broken ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
1	come against her from the utmost border ; open her store-houses ; cast her up as heaps , and destroy her utterly ; let nothing of her be left .
1	slay all her bullocks ; let them go down to the slaughter : woe unto them ! for their day is come , the time of their visitation .
1	therefore shall her young men fall in her streets , and all her men of war shall be brought to silence in that day , saith jehovah .
1	a sword is upon the chaldeans , saith jehovah , and upon the inhabitants of babylon , and upon her princes , and upon her wise men .
1	a sword is upon the boasters , and they shall become fools ; a sword is upon her mighty men , and they shall be dismayed .
1	a drought is upon her waters , and they shall be dried up ; for it is a land of graven images , and they are mad over idols .
1	behold , a people cometh from the north ; and a great nation and many kings shall be stirred up from the uttermost parts of the earth .
1	at the noise of the taking of babylon the earth trembleth , and the cry is heard among the nations .
1	thus saith jehovah : behold , i will raise up against babylon , and against them that dwell in leb-kamai , a destroying wind .
1	and they shall fall down slain in the land of the chaldeans , and thrust through in her streets .
1	babylon is suddenly fallen and destroyed : wail for her ; take balm for her pain , if so be she may be healed .
1	jehovah hath brought forth our righteousness : come , and let us declare in zion the work of jehovah our god .
1	o thou that dwellest upon many waters , abundant in treasures , thine end is come , the measure of thy covetousness .
1	he hath made the earth by his power , he hath established the world by his wisdom , and by his understanding hath he stretched out the heavens .
1	they are vanity , a work of delusion : in the time of their visitation they shall perish .
1	thou art my battle-axe and weapons of war : and with thee will i break in pieces the nations ; and with thee will i destroy kingdoms ;
1	and with thee will i break in pieces the horse and his rider ;
1	and i will render unto babylon and to all the inhabitants of chaldea all their evil that they have done in zion in your sight , saith jehovah .
1	and they shall not take of thee a stone for a corner , nor a stone for foundations ; but thou shalt be desolate for ever , saith jehovah .
1	prepare against her the nations , the kings of the medes , the governors thereof , and all the deputies thereof , and all the land of their dominion .
1	one post shall run to meet another , and one messenger to meet another , to show the king of babylon that his city is taken on every quarter :
1	and the passages are seized , and the reeds they have burned with fire , and the men of war are affrighted .
1	and babylon shall become heaps , a dwelling-place for jackals , an astonishment , and a hissing , without inhabitant .
1	they shall roar together like young lions ; they shall growl as lions ’ whelps .
1	i will bring them down like lambs to the slaughter , like rams with he-goats .
1	how is sheshach taken ! and the praise of the whole earth seized ! how is babylon become a desolation among the nations !
1	the sea is come up upon babylon ; she is covered with the multitude of the waves thereof .
1	my people , go ye out of the midst of her , and save yourselves every man from the fierce anger of jehovah .
1	as babylon hath caused the slain of israel to fall , so at babylon shall fall the slain of all the land .
1	ye that have escaped the sword , go ye , stand not still ; remember jehovah from afar , and let jerusalem come into your mind .
1	we are confounded , because we have heard reproach ; confusion hath covered our faces : for strangers are come into the sanctuaries of jehovah ’ s house .
1	the sound of a cry from babylon , and of great destruction from the land of the chaldeans !
1	and jeremiah wrote in a book all the evil that should come upon babylon , even all these words that are written concerning babylon .
1	and jeremiah said to seraiah , when thou comest to babylon , then see that thou read all these words ,
1	and he did that which was evil in the sight of jehovah , according to all that jehoiakim had done .
1	for through the anger of jehovah did it come to pass in jerusalem and judah , until he had cast them out from his presence .
1	so the city was besieged unto the eleventh year of king zedekiah .
1	but the army of the chaldeans pursued after the king , and overtook zedekiah in the plains of jericho ; and all his army was scattered from him .
1	then they took the king , and carried him up unto the king of babylon to riblah in the land of hamath ; and he gave judgment upon him .
1	and the king of babylon slew the sons of zedekiah before his eyes : he slew also all the princes of judah in riblah .
1	and all the army of the chaldeans , that were with the captain of the guard , brake down all the walls of jerusalem round about .
1	but nebuzaradan the captain of the guard left of the poorest of the land to be vinedressers and husbandmen .
1	and there were ninety and six pomegranates on the sides ; all the pomegranates were a hundred upon the network round about .
1	and the captain of the guard took seraiah the chief priest , and zephaniah the second priest , and the three keepers of the threshold :
1	and nebuzaradan the captain of the guard took them , and brought them to the king of babylon to riblah .
1	this is the people whom nebuchadrezzar carried away captive : in the seventh year three thousand jews and three and twenty ;
1	in the eighteenth year of nebuchadrezzar he carried away captive from jerusalem eight hundred thirty and two persons ;
1	and he spake kindly to him , and set his throne above the throne of the kings that were with him in babylon ,
1	and changed his prison garments . and jehoiachin did eat bread before him continually all the days of his life :
1	and there were born unto him seven sons and three daughters .
1	now it came to pass on the day when the sons of god came to present themselves before jehovah , that satan also came among them .
1	then satan answered jehovah , and said , doth job fear god for nought ?
1	but put forth thy hand now , and touch all that he hath , and he will renounce thee to thy face .
1	and it fell on a day when his sons and his daughters were eating and drinking wine in their eldest brother ’ s house ,
1	that there came a messenger unto job , and said , the oxen were plowing , and the asses feeding beside them ;
1	then job arose , and rent his robe , and shaved his head , and fell down upon the ground , and worshipped ;
1	in all this job sinned not , nor charged god foolishly .
1	and satan answered jehovah , and said , skin for skin , yea , all that a man hath will he give for his life .
1	but put forth thy hand now , and touch his bone and his flesh , and he will renounce thee to thy face .
1	and jehovah said unto satan , behold , he is in thy hand ; only spare his life .
1	so satan went forth from the presence of jehovah , and smote job with sore boils from the sole of his foot unto his crown .
1	and he took him a potsherd to scrape himself therewith ; and he sat among the ashes .
1	then said his wife unto him , dost thou still hold fast thine integrity ? renounce god , and die .
1	after this opened job his mouth , and cursed his day .
1	and job answered and said :
1	let the day perish wherein i was born ,
1	let that day be darkness ;
1	let darkness and the shadow of death claim it for their own ;
1	as for that night , let thick darkness seize upon it :
1	lo , let that night be barren ;
1	let them curse it that curse the day ,
1	let the stars of the twilight thereof be dark :
1	because it shut not up the doors of my mother ’ s womb ,
1	why died i not from the womb ?
1	why did the knees receive me ?
1	for now should i have lain down and been quiet ;
1	with kings and counsellors of the earth ,
1	or with princes that had gold ,
1	or as a hidden untimely birth i had not been ,
1	there the wicked cease from troubling ;
1	there the prisoners are at ease together ;
1	the small and the great are there :
1	wherefore is light given to him that is in misery ,
1	who long for death , but it cometh not ,
1	why is light given to a man whose way is hid ,
1	for my sighing cometh before i eat ,
1	for the thing which i fear cometh upon me ,
1	i am not at ease , neither am i quiet , neither have i rest ;
1	then answered eliphaz the temanite , and said ,
1	if one assay to commune with thee , wilt thou be grieved ?
1	behold , thou hast instructed many ,
1	thy words have upholden him that was falling ,
1	but now it is come unto thee , and thou faintest ;
1	is not thy fear of god thy confidence ,
1	remember , i pray thee , who ever perished , being innocent ?
1	according as i have seen , they that plow iniquity ,
1	by the breath of god they perish ,
1	the roaring of the lion , and the voice of the fierce lion ,
1	the old lion perisheth for lack of prey ,
1	now a thing was secretly brought to me ,
1	in thoughts from the visions of the night ,
1	fear came upon me , and trembling ,
1	then a spirit passed before my face ;
1	it stood still , but i could not discern the appearance thereof ;
1	shall mortal man be more just than god ?
1	behold , he putteth no trust in his servants ;
1	how much more them that dwell in houses of clay ,
1	betwixt morning and evening they are destroyed :
1	is not their tent-cord plucked up within them ?
1	call now ; is there any that will answer thee ?
1	for vexation killeth the foolish man ,
1	i have seen the foolish taking root :
1	his children are far from safety ,
1	whose harvest the hungry eateth up ,
1	for affliction cometh not forth from the dust ,
1	but man is born unto trouble ,
1	but as for me , i would seek unto god ,
1	who doeth great things and unsearchable ,
1	who giveth rain upon the earth ,
1	so that he setteth up on high those that are low ,
1	he frustrateth the devices of the crafty ,
1	he taketh the wise in their own craftiness ;
1	they meet with darkness in the day-time ,
1	but he saveth from the sword of their mouth ,
1	so the poor hath hope ,
1	behold , happy is the man whom god correcteth :
1	for he maketh sore , and bindeth up ;
1	he will deliver thee in six troubles ;
1	in famine he will redeem thee from death ;
1	thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue ;
1	at destruction and dearth thou shalt laugh ;
1	for thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field ;
1	and thou shalt know that thy tent is in peace ;
1	thou shalt know also that thy seed shall be great ,
1	thou shalt come to thy grave in a full age ,
1	lo this , we have searched it , so it is ;
1	then job answered and said ,
1	oh that my vexation were but weighed ,
1	for now it would be heavier than the sand of the seas :
1	for the arrows of the almighty are within me ,
1	doth the wild ass bray when he hath grass ?
1	can that which hath no savor be eaten without salt ?
1	my soul refuseth to touch them ;
1	oh that i might have my request ;
1	even that it would please god to crush me ;
1	and be it still my consolation ,
1	what is my strength , that i should wait ?
1	is my strength the strength of stones ?
1	is it not that i have no help in me ,
1	to him that is ready to faint kindness should be showed from his friend ;
1	my brethren have dealt deceitfully as a brook ,
1	which are black by reason of the ice ,
1	what time they wax warm , they vanish ;
1	the caravans that travel by the way of them turn aside ;
1	the caravans of tema looked ,
1	they were put to shame because they had hoped ;
1	for now ye are nothing ;
1	did i say , give unto me ?
1	or , deliver me from the adversary ’ s hand ?
1	teach me , and i will hold my peace ;
1	how forcible are words of uprightness !
1	do ye think to reprove words ,
1	yea , ye would cast lots upon the fatherless ,
1	now therefore be pleased to look upon me ;
1	return , i pray you , let there be no injustice ;
1	is there injustice on my tongue ?
1	is there not a warfare to man upon earth ?
1	as a servant that earnestly desireth the shadow ,
1	so am i made to possess months of misery ,
1	when i lie down , i say ,
1	my flesh is clothed with worms and clods of dust ;
1	my days are swifter than a weaver ’ s shuttle ,
1	oh remember that my life is a breath :
1	the eye of him that seeth me shall behold me no more ;
1	as the cloud is consumed and vanisheth away ,
1	he shall return no more to his house ,
1	therefore i will not refrain my mouth ;
1	am i a sea , or a sea-monster ,
1	when i say , my bed shall comfort me ,
1	then thou scarest me with dreams ,
1	so that my soul chooseth strangling ,
1	i loathe my life ; i would not live alway :
1	what is man , that thou shouldest magnify him ,
1	and that thou shouldest visit him every morning ,
1	how long wilt thou not look away from me ,
1	if i have sinned , what do i unto thee , o thou watcher of men ?
1	and why dost thou not pardon my transgression , and take away mine iniquity ?
1	then answered bildad the shuhite , and said ,
1	how long wilt thou speak these things ?
1	doth god pervert justice ?
1	if thy children have sinned against him ,
1	if thou wouldest seek diligently unto god ,
1	if thou wert pure and upright :
1	and though thy beginning was small ,
1	for inquire , i pray thee , of the former age ,
1	( for we are but of yesterday , and know nothing ,
1	shall not they teach thee , and tell thee ,
1	can the rush grow up without mire ?
1	whilst it is yet in its greenness , and not cut down ,
1	so are the paths of all that forget god ;
1	whose confidence shall break in sunder ,
1	he shall lean upon his house , but it shall not stand :
1	he is green before the sun ,
1	his roots are wrapped about the stone-heap ,
1	if he be destroyed from his place ,
1	behold , this is the joy of his way ;
1	behold , god will not cast away a perfect man ,
1	he will yet fill thy mouth with laughter ,
1	they that hate thee shall be clothed with shame ;
1	then job answered and said ,
1	of a truth i know that it is so :
1	if he be pleased to contend with him ,
1	he is wise in heart , and mighty in strength :
1	him that removeth the mountains , and they know it not ,
1	that shaketh the earth out of its place ,
1	that commandeth the sun , and it riseth not ,
1	that alone stretcheth out the heavens ,
1	that maketh the bear , orion , and the pleiades ,
1	that doeth great things past finding out ,
1	lo , he goeth by me , and i see him not :
1	behold , he seizeth the prey , who can hinder him ?
1	god will not withdraw his anger ;
1	how much less shall i answer him ,
1	whom , though i were righteous , yet would i not answer ;
1	if i had called , and he had answered me ,
1	for he breaketh me with a tempest ,
1	he will not suffer me to take my breath ,
1	if we speak of strength , lo , he is mighty !
1	though i be righteous , mine own mouth shall condemn me :
1	i am perfect ; i regard not myself ;
1	it is all one ; therefore i say ,
1	if the scourge slay suddenly ,
1	the earth is given into the hand of the wicked ;
1	now my days are swifter than a post :
1	they are passed away as the swift ships ;
1	if i say , i will forget my complaint ,
1	i am afraid of all my sorrows ,
1	i shall be condemned ;
1	if i wash myself with snow water ,
1	yet wilt thou plunge me in the ditch ,
1	for he is not a man , as i am , that i should answer him ,
1	there is no umpire betwixt us ,
1	let him take his rod away from me ,
1	then would i speak , and not fear him ;
1	my soul is weary of my life ;
1	i will say unto god , do not condemn me ;
1	is it good unto thee that thou shouldest oppress ,
1	hast thou eyes of flesh ?
1	are thy days as the days of man ,
1	that thou inquirest after mine iniquity ,
1	although thou knowest that i am not wicked ,
1	thy hands have framed me and fashioned me
1	remember , i beseech thee , that thou hast fashioned me as clay ;
1	hast thou not poured me out as milk ,
1	thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh ,
1	thou hast granted me life and lovingkindness ;
1	yet these things thou didst hide in thy heart ;
1	if i sin , then thou markest me ,
1	if i be wicked , woe unto me ;
1	and if my head exalt itself , thou huntest me as a lion ;
1	thou renewest thy witnesses against me ,
1	wherefore then hast thou brought me forth out of the womb ?
1	i should have been as though i had not been ;
1	are not my days few ? cease then ,
1	before i go whence i shall not return ,
1	the land dark as midnight ,
1	then answered zophar the naamathite , and said ,
1	should not the multitude of words be answered ?
1	should thy boastings make men hold their peace ?
1	for thou sayest , my doctrine is pure ,
1	but oh that god would speak ,
1	and that he would show thee the secrets of wisdom !
1	canst thou by searching find out god ?
1	it is high as heaven ; what canst thou do ?
1	the measure thereof is longer than the earth ,
1	if he pass through , and shut up ,
1	for he knoweth false men :
1	but vain man is void of understanding ,
1	if thou set thy heart aright ,
1	if iniquity be in thy hand , put it far away ,
1	surely then shalt thou lift up thy face without spot ;
1	for thou shalt forget thy misery ;
1	and thy life shall be clearer than the noonday ;
1	and thou shalt be secure , because there is hope ;
1	also thou shalt lie down , and none shall make thee afraid ;
1	but the eyes of the wicked shall fail ,
1	then job answered and said ,
1	no doubt but ye are the people ,
1	but i have understanding as well as you ;
1	i am as one that is a laughing-stock to his neighbor ,
1	in the thought of him that is at ease there is contempt for misfortune ;
1	the tents of robbers prosper ,
1	but ask now the beasts , and they shall teach thee ;
1	or speak to the earth , and it shall teach thee ;
1	who knoweth not in all these ,
1	in whose hand is the soul of every living thing ,
1	doth not the ear try words ,
1	with aged men is wisdom ,
1	with god is wisdom and might ;
1	behold , he breaketh down , and it can not be built again ;
1	behold , he withholdeth the waters , and they dry up ;
1	with him is strength and wisdom ;
1	he leadeth counsellors away stripped ,
1	he looseth the bond of kings ,
1	he leadeth priests away stripped ,
1	he removeth the speech of the trusty ,
1	he poureth contempt upon princes ,
1	he uncovereth deep things out of darkness ,
1	he increaseth the nations , and he destroyeth them :
1	he taketh away understanding from the chiefs of the people of the earth ,
1	they grope in the dark without light ;
1	lo , mine eye hath seen all this ,
1	what ye know , the same do i know also :
1	surely i would speak to the almighty ,
1	but ye are forgers of lies ;
1	oh that ye would altogether hold your peace !
1	hear now my reasoning ,
1	will ye speak unrighteously for god ,
1	will ye show partiality to him ?
1	is it good that he should search you out ?
1	he will surely reprove you ,
1	shall not his majesty make you afraid ,
1	your memorable sayings are proverbs of ashes ,
1	hold your peace , let me alone , that i may speak ;
1	wherefore should i take my flesh in my teeth ,
1	behold , he will slay me ; i have no hope :
1	this also shall be my salvation ,
1	hear diligently my speech ,
1	behold now , i have set my cause in order ;
1	who is he that will contend with me ?
1	only do not two things unto me ;
1	withdraw thy hand far from me ;
1	then call thou , and i will answer ;
1	how many are mine iniquities and sins ?
1	wherefore hidest thou thy face ,
1	wilt thou harass a driven leaf ?
1	for thou writest bitter things against me ,
1	thou puttest my feet also in the stocks ,
1	though i am like a rotten thing that consumeth ,
1	man , that is born of a woman ,
1	he cometh forth like a flower , and is cut down :
1	and dost thou open thine eyes upon such a one ,
1	who can bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? not one .
1	seeing his days are determined ,
1	look away from him , that he may rest ,
1	for there is hope of a tree ,
1	though the root thereof wax old in the earth ,
1	yet through the scent of water it will bud ,
1	but man dieth , and is laid low :
1	as the waters fail from the sea ,
1	so man lieth down and riseth not :
1	oh that thou wouldest hide me in sheol ,
1	if a man die , shall he live again ?
1	thou wouldest call , and i would answer thee :
1	but now thou numberest my steps :
1	my transgression is sealed up in a bag ,
1	but the mountain falling cometh to nought ;
1	the waters wear the stones ;
1	thou prevailest for ever against him , and he passeth ;
1	his sons come to honor , and he knoweth it not ;
1	but his flesh upon him hath pain ,
1	then answered eliphaz the temanite , and said ,
1	should a wise man make answer with vain knowledge ,
1	should he reason with unprofitable talk ,
1	yea , thou doest away with fear ,
1	for thine iniquity teacheth thy mouth ,
1	thine own mouth condemneth thee , and not i ;
1	art thou the first man that was born ?
1	hast thou heard the secret counsel of god ?
1	what knowest thou , that we know not ?
1	with us are both the grayheaded and the very aged men ,
1	are the consolations of god too small for thee ,
1	why doth thy heart carry thee away ?
1	that against god thou turnest thy spirit ,
1	what is man , that he should be clean ?
1	behold , he putteth no trust in his holy ones ;
1	how much less one that is abominable and corrupt ,
1	i will show thee , hear thou me ;
1	( which wise men have told
1	unto whom alone the land was given ,
1	the wicked man travaileth with pain all his days ,
1	a sound of terrors is in his ears ;
1	he believeth not that he shall return out of darkness ,
1	he wandereth abroad for bread , saying , where is it ?
1	distress and anguish make him afraid ;
1	because he hath stretched out his hand against god ,
1	he runneth upon him with a stiff neck ,
1	because he hath covered his face with his fatness ,
1	and he hath dwelt in desolate cities ,
1	he shall not be rich , neither shall his substance continue ,
1	he shall not depart out of darkness ;
1	let him not trust in vanity , deceiving himself ;
1	it shall be accomplished before his time ,
1	he shall shake off his unripe grape as the vine ,
1	for the company of the godless shall be barren ,
1	they conceive mischief , and bring forth iniquity ,
1	then job answered and said ,
1	i have heard many such things :
1	shall vain words have an end ?
1	i also could speak as ye do ;
1	but i would strengthen you with my mouth ,
1	though i speak , my grief is not assuaged ;
1	but now he hath made me weary :
1	and thou hast laid fast hold on me , which is a witness against me :
1	he hath torn me in his wrath , and persecuted me ;
1	they have gaped upon me with their mouth ;
1	god delivereth me to the ungodly ,
1	i was at ease , and he brake me asunder ;
1	his archers compass me round about ;
1	he breaketh me with breach upon breach ;
1	i have sewed sackcloth upon my skin ,
1	my face is red with weeping ,
1	although there is no violence in my hands ,
1	o earth , cover not thou my blood ,
1	even now , behold , my witness is in heaven ,
1	my friends scoff at me :
1	that he would maintain the right of a man with god ,
1	for when a few years are come ,
1	my spirit is consumed , my days are extinct ,
1	surely there are mockers with me ,
1	give now a pledge , be surety for me with thyself ;
1	for thou hast hid their heart from understanding :
1	he that denounceth his friends for a prey ,
1	but he hath made me a byword of the people ;
1	mine eye also is dim by reason of sorrow ,
1	upright men shall be astonished at this ,
1	yet shall the righteous hold on his way ,
1	but as for you all , come on now again ;
1	my days are past , my purposes are broken off ,
1	they change the night into day :
1	if i look for sheol as my house ;
1	if i have said to corruption , thou art my father ;
1	where then is my hope ?
1	it shall go down to the bars of sheol ,
1	then answered bildad the shuhite , and said ,
1	how long will ye hunt for words ?
1	wherefore are we counted as beasts ,
1	thou that tearest thyself in thine anger ,
1	yea , the light of the wicked shall be put out ,
1	the light shall be dark in his tent ,
1	the steps of his strength shall be straitened ,
1	for he is cast into a net by his own feet ,
1	a gin shall take him by the heel ,
1	a noose is hid for him in the ground ,
1	terrors shall make him afraid on every side ,
1	his strength shall be hunger-bitten ,
1	the members of his body shall be devoured ,
1	he shall be rooted out of his tent wherein he trusteth ;
1	there shall dwell in his tent that which is none of his :
1	his roots shall be dried up beneath ,
1	his remembrance shall perish from the earth ,
1	he shall be driven from light into darkness ,
1	he shall have neither son nor son ’ s son among his people ,
1	they that come after shall be astonished at his day ,
1	surely such are the dwellings of the unrighteous ,
1	then job answered and said ,
1	how long will ye vex my soul ,
1	these ten times have ye reproached me :
1	and be it indeed that i have erred ,
1	if indeed ye will magnify yourselves against me ,
1	know now that god hath subverted me in my cause ,
1	behold , i cry out of wrong , but i am not heard :
1	he hath walled up my way that i can not pass ,
1	he hath stripped me of my glory ,
1	he hath broken me down on every side , and i am gone ;
1	he hath also kindled his wrath against me ,
1	his troops come on together ,
1	he hath put my brethren far from me ,
1	my kinsfolk have failed ,
1	they that dwell in my house , and my maids , count me for a stranger :
1	i call unto my servant , and he giveth me no answer ,
1	my breath is strange to my wife ,
1	even young children despise me ;
1	all my familiar friends abhor me ,
1	my bone cleaveth to my skin and to my flesh ,
1	have pity upon me , have pity upon me , o ye my friends ;
1	why do ye persecute me as god ,
1	oh that my words were now written !
1	that with an iron pen and lead
1	but as for me i know that my redeemer liveth ,
1	and after my skin , even this body , is destroyed ,
1	whom i , even i , shall see , on my side ,
1	if ye say , how we will persecute him !
1	be ye afraid of the sword :
1	then answered zophar the naamathite , and said ,
1	therefore do my thoughts give answer to me ,
1	i have heard the reproof which putteth me to shame ;
1	knowest thou not this of old time ,
1	that the triumphing of the wicked is short ,
1	though his height mount up to the heavens ,
1	yet he shall perish for ever like his own dung :
1	he shall fly away as a dream , and shall not be found :
1	the eye which saw him shall see him no more ;
1	his children shall seek the favor of the poor ,
1	his bones are full of his youth ,
1	though wickedness be sweet in his mouth ,
1	though he spare it , and will not let it go ,
1	yet his food in his bowels is turned ,
1	he hath swallowed down riches , and he shall vomit them up again ;
1	he shall suck the poison of asps :
1	he shall not look upon the rivers ,
1	that which he labored for shall he restore , and shall not swallow it down ;
1	for he hath oppressed and forsaken the poor ;
1	because he knew no quietness within him ,
1	there was nothing left that he devoured not ;
1	in the fulness of his sufficiency he shall be in straits :
1	when he is about to fill his belly , god will cast the fierceness of his wrath upon him ,
1	he shall flee from the iron weapon ,
1	he draweth it forth , and it cometh out of his body ;
1	all darkness is laid up for his treasures :
1	the heavens shall reveal his iniquity ,
1	the increase of his house shall depart ;
1	this is the portion of a wicked man from god ,
1	then job answered and said ,
1	hear diligently my speech ;
1	suffer me , and i also will speak ;
1	as for me , is my complaint to man ?
1	mark me , and be astonished ,
1	even when i remember i am troubled ,
1	wherefore do the wicked live ,
1	their seed is established with them in their sight ,
1	their houses are safe from fear ,
1	their bull gendereth , and faileth not ;
1	they send forth their little ones like a flock ,
1	they sing to the timbrel and harp ,
1	they spend their days in prosperity ,
1	and they say unto god , depart from us ;
1	what is the almighty , that we should serve him ?
1	lo , their prosperity is not in their hand :
1	how oft is it that the lamp of the wicked is put out ?
1	that they are as stubble before the wind ,
1	ye say , god layeth up his iniquity for his children .
1	let his own eyes see his destruction ,
1	for what careth he for his house after him ,
1	shall any teach god knowledge ,
1	one dieth in his full strength ,
1	his pails are full of milk ,
1	and another dieth in bitterness of soul ,
1	they lie down alike in the dust ,
1	behold , i know your thoughts ,
1	for ye say , where is the house of the prince ?
1	have ye not asked wayfaring men ?
1	that the evil man is reserved to the day of calamity ?
1	who shall declare his way to his face ?
1	yet shall he be borne to the grave ,
1	the clods of the valley shall be sweet unto him ,
1	how then comfort ye me in vain ,
1	then answered eliphaz the temanite , and said ,
1	can a man be profitable unto god ?
1	is it any pleasure to the almighty , that thou art righteous ?
1	is it for thy fear of him that he reproveth thee ,
1	is not thy wickedness great ?
1	for thou hast taken pledges of thy brother for nought ,
1	thou hast not given water to the weary to drink ,
1	but as for the mighty man , he had the earth ;
1	thou hast sent widows away empty ,
1	therefore snares are round about thee ,
1	or darkness , so that thou canst not see ,
1	is not god in the height of heaven ?
1	and thou sayest , what doth god know ?
1	thick clouds are a covering to him , so that he seeth not ;
1	wilt thou keep the old way
1	who were snatched away before their time ,
1	who said unto god , depart from us ;
1	yet he filled their houses with good things :
1	the righteous see it , and are glad ;
1	saying , surely they that did rise up against us are cut off ,
1	acquaint now thyself with him , and be at peace :
1	receive , i pray thee , the law from his mouth ,
1	if thou return to the almighty , thou shalt be built up ,
1	and lay thou thy treasure in the dust ,
1	and the almighty will be thy treasure ,
1	for then shalt thou delight thyself in the almighty ,
1	thou shalt make thy prayer unto him , and he will hear thee ;
1	thou shalt also decree a thing , and it shall be established unto thee ;
1	when they cast thee down , thou shalt say , there is lifting up ;
1	he will deliver even him that is not innocent :
1	then job answered and said ,
1	even to-day is my complaint rebellious :
1	oh that i knew where i might find him !
1	i would set my cause in order before him ,
1	i would know the words which he would answer me ,
1	would he contend with me in the greatness of his power ?
1	there the upright might reason with him ;
1	behold , i go forward , but he is not there ;
1	on the left hand , when he doth work , but i can not behold him ;
1	but he knoweth the way that i take ;
1	my foot hath held fast to his steps ;
1	i have not gone back from the commandment of his lips ;
1	but he is in one mind , and who can turn him ?
1	for he performeth that which is appointed for me :
1	therefore am i terrified at his presence ;
1	for god hath made my heart faint ,
1	because i was not cut off before the darkness ,
1	why are times not laid up by the almighty ?
1	there are that remove the landmarks ;
1	they drive away the ass of the fatherless ;
1	they turn the needy out of the way :
1	behold , as wild asses in the desert
1	they cut their provender in the field ;
1	they lie all night naked without clothing ,
1	they are wet with the showers of the mountains ,
1	there are that pluck the fatherless from the breast ,
1	so that they go about naked without clothing ,
1	they make oil within the walls of these men ;
1	from out of the populous city men groan ,
1	these are of them that rebel against the light ;
1	the murderer riseth with the light ;
1	the eye also of the adulterer waiteth for the twilight ,
1	in the dark they dig through houses :
1	for the morning is to all of them as thick darkness ;
1	swiftly they pass away upon the face of the waters ;
1	drought and heat consume the snow waters :
1	the womb shall forget him ;
1	he devoureth the barren that beareth not ,
1	yet god preserveth the mighty by his power :
1	god giveth them to be in security , and they rest thereon ;
1	they are exalted ; yet a little while , and they are gone ;
1	and if it be not so now , who will prove me a liar ,
1	then answered bildad the shuhite , and said ,
1	dominion and fear are with him ;
1	is there any number of his armies ?
1	how then can man be just with god ?
1	behold , even the moon hath no brightness ,
1	how much less man , that is a worm !
1	then job answered and said ,
1	how hast thou helped him that is without power !
1	how hast thou counselled him that hath no wisdom ,
1	to whom hast thou uttered words ?
1	they that are deceased tremble
1	sheol is naked before god ,
1	he stretcheth out the north over empty space ,
1	he bindeth up the waters in his thick clouds ;
1	he incloseth the face of his throne ,
1	he hath described a boundary upon the face of the waters ,
1	the pillars of heaven tremble
1	he stirreth up the sea with his power ,
1	by his spirit the heavens are garnished ;
1	lo , these are but the outskirts of his ways :
1	and job again took up his parable , and said ,
1	as god liveth , who hath taken away my right ,
1	( for my life is yet whole in me ,
1	surely my lips shall not speak unrighteousness ,
1	far be it from me that i should justify you :
1	my righteousness i hold fast , and will not let it go :
1	let mine enemy be as the wicked ,
1	for what is the hope of the godless , though he get him gain ,
1	will god hear his cry ,
1	will he delight himself in the almighty ,
1	i will teach you concerning the hand of god ;
1	behold , all ye yourselves have seen it ;
1	this is the portion of a wicked man with god ,
1	if his children be multiplied , it is for the sword ;
1	those that remain of him shall be buried in death ,
1	though he heap up silver as the dust ,
1	he may prepare it , but the just shall put it on ,
1	he buildeth his house as the moth ,
1	he lieth down rich , but he shall not be gathered to his fathers ;
1	terrors overtake him like waters ;
1	the east wind carrieth him away , and he departeth ;
1	for god shall hurl at him , and not spare :
1	men shall clap their hands at him ,
1	surely there is a mine for silver ,
1	iron is taken out of the earth ,
1	man setteth an end to darkness ,
1	he breaketh open a shaft away from where men sojourn ;
1	as for the earth , out of it cometh bread ;
1	the stones thereof are the place of sapphires ,
1	that path no bird of prey knoweth ,
1	the proud beasts have not trodden it ,
1	he putteth forth his hand upon the flinty rock ;
1	he cutteth out channels among the rocks ;
1	he bindeth the streams that they trickle not ;
1	but where shall wisdom be found ?
1	man knoweth not the price thereof ;
1	the deep saith , it is not in me ;
1	it can not be gotten for gold ,
1	it can not be valued with the gold of ophir ,
1	gold and glass can not equal it ,
1	no mention shall be made of coral or of crystal :
1	the topaz of ethiopia shall not equal it ,
1	whence then cometh wisdom ?
1	seeing it is hid from the eyes of all living ,
1	destruction and death say ,
1	god understandeth the way thereof ,
1	for he looketh to the ends of the earth ,
1	to make a weight for the wind :
1	when he made a decree for the rain ,
1	then did he see it , and declare it ;
1	and unto man he said ,
1	and job again took up his parable , and said ,
1	oh that i were as in the months of old ,
1	when his lamp shined upon my head ,
1	as i was in the ripeness of my days ,
1	when the almighty was yet with me ,
1	when my steps were washed with butter ,
1	when i went forth to the gate unto the city ,
1	the young men saw me and hid themselves ,
1	the princes refrained from talking ,
1	the voice of the nobles was hushed ,
1	for when the ear heard me , then it blessed me ;
1	because i delivered the poor that cried ,
1	the blessing of him that was ready to perish came upon me ;
1	i put on righteousness , and it clothed me :
1	i was eyes to the blind ,
1	i was a father to the needy :
1	and i brake the jaws of the unrighteous ,
1	then i said , i shall die in my nest ,
1	my root is spread out to the waters ,
1	my glory is fresh in me ,
1	unto me men gave ear , and waited ,
1	after my words they spake not again ;
1	and they waited for me as for the rain ;
1	i smiled on them , when they had no confidence ;
1	i chose out their way , and sat as chief ,
1	but now they that are younger than i have me in derision ,
1	yea , the strength of their hands , whereto should it profit me ?
1	they are gaunt with want and famine ;
1	they pluck salt-wort by the bushes ;
1	they are driven forth from the midst of men ;
1	so that they dwell in frightful valleys ,
1	among the bushes they bray ;
1	they are children of fools , yea , children of base men ;
1	and now i am become their song ,
1	they abhor me , they stand aloof from me ,
1	for he hath loosed his cord , and afflicted me ;
1	upon my right hand rise the rabble ;
1	they mar my path ,
1	as through a wide breach they come :
1	terrors are turned upon me ;
1	and now my soul is poured out within me ;
1	in the night season my bones are pierced in me ,
1	by god ’ s great force is my garment disfigured ;
1	he hath cast me into the mire ,
1	i cry unto thee , and thou dost not answer me :
1	thou art turned to be cruel to me ;
1	thou liftest me up to the wind , thou causest me to ride upon it ;
1	for i know that thou wilt bring me to death ,
1	howbeit doth not one stretch out the hand in his fall ?
1	did not i weep for him that was in trouble ?
1	when i looked for good , then evil came ;
1	my heart is troubled , and resteth not ;
1	i go mourning without the sun :
1	i am a brother to jackals ,
1	my skin is black , and falleth from me ,
1	therefore is my harp turned to mourning ,
1	i made a covenant with mine eyes ;
1	for what is the portion from god above ,
1	is it not calamity to the unrighteous ,
1	doth not he see my ways ,
1	if i have walked with falsehood ,
1	( let me be weighed in an even balance ,
1	if my step hath turned out of the way ,
1	then let me sow , and let another eat ;
1	if my heart hath been enticed unto a woman ,
1	then let my wife grind unto another ,
1	for that were a heinous crime ;
1	for it is a fire that consumeth unto destruction ,
1	if i have despised the cause of my man-servant or of my maid-servant ,
1	what then shall i do when god riseth up ?
1	did not he that made me in the womb make him ?
1	if i have withheld the poor from their desire ,
1	or have eaten my morsel alone ,
1	( nay , from my youth he grew up with me as with a father ,
1	if i have seen any perish for want of clothing ,
1	if his loins have not blessed me ,
1	if i have lifted up my hand against the fatherless ,
1	then let my shoulder fall from the shoulder-blade ,
1	for calamity from god is a terror to me ,
1	if i have made gold my hope ,
1	if i have rejoiced because my wealth was great ,
1	if i have beheld the sun when it shined ,
1	and my heart hath been secretly enticed ,
1	this also were an iniquity to be punished by the judges ;
1	if i have rejoiced at the destruction of him that hated me ,
1	( yea , i have not suffered my mouth to sin
1	if the men of my tent have not said ,
1	( the sojourner hath not lodged in the street ;
1	if like adam i have covered my transgressions ,
1	because i feared the great multitude ,
1	oh that i had one to hear me !
1	surely i would carry it upon my shoulder ;
1	i would declare unto him the number of my steps ;
1	if my land crieth out against me ,
1	if i have eaten the fruits thereof without money ,
1	let thistles grow instead of wheat ,
1	so these three men ceased to answer job , because he was righteous in his own eyes .
1	also against his three friends was his wrath kindled , because they had found no answer , and yet had condemned job .
1	now elihu had waited to speak unto job , because they were elder than he .
1	and when elihu saw that there was no answer in the mouth of these three men , his wrath was kindled .
1	and elihu the son of barachel the buzite answered and said ,
1	i said , days should speak ,
1	but there is a spirit in man ,
1	it is not the great that are wise ,
1	therefore i said , hearken to me ;
1	behold , i waited for your words ,
1	yea , i attended unto you ,
1	beware lest ye say , we have found wisdom ;
1	for he hath not directed his words against me ;
1	they are amazed , they answer no more :
1	and shall i wait , because they speak not ,
1	i also will answer my part ,
1	for i am full of words ;
1	behold , my breast is as wine which hath no vent ;
1	i will speak , that i may be refreshed ;
1	let me not , i pray you , respect any man ’ s person ;
1	for i know not to give flattering titles ;
1	howbeit , job , i pray thee , hear my speech ,
1	behold now , i have opened my mouth ;
1	my words shall utter the uprightness of my heart ;
1	the spirit of god hath made me ,
1	if thou canst , answer thou me ;
1	behold , i am toward god even as thou art :
1	behold , my terror shall not make thee afraid ,
1	surely thou hast spoken in my hearing ,
1	i am clean , without transgression ;
1	behold , he findeth occasions against me ,
1	he putteth my feet in the stocks ,
1	behold , i will answer thee , in this thou art not just ;
1	why dost thou strive against him ,
1	for god speaketh once ,
1	in a dream , in a vision of the night ,
1	then he openeth the ears of men ,
1	that he may withdraw man from his purpose ,
1	he keepeth back his soul from the pit ,
1	he is chastened also with pain upon his bed ,
1	so that his life abhorreth bread ,
1	his flesh is consumed away , that it can not be seen ;
1	yea , his soul draweth near unto the pit ,
1	if there be with him an angel ,
1	then god is gracious unto him , and saith ,
1	his flesh shall be fresher than a child ’ s ;
1	he prayeth unto god , and he is favorable unto him ,
1	he singeth before men , and saith ,
1	he hath redeemed my soul from going into the pit ,
1	lo , all these things doth god work ,
1	to bring back his soul from the pit ,
1	mark well , o job , hearken unto me :
1	if thou hast anything to say , answer me :
1	if not , hearken thou unto me :
1	moreover elihu answered and said ,
1	hear my words , ye wise men ;
1	for the ear trieth words ,
1	let us choose for us that which is right :
1	for job hath said , i am righteous ,
1	notwithstanding my right i am accounted a liar ;
1	what man is like job ,
1	who goeth in company with the workers of iniquity ,
1	for he hath said , it profiteth a man nothing
1	therefore hearken unto me , ye men of understanding :
1	for the work of a man will he render unto him ,
1	yea , of a surety , god will not do wickedly ,
1	who gave him a charge over the earth ?
1	if he set his heart upon himself ,
1	all flesh shall perish together ,
1	if now thou hast understanding , hear this :
1	shall even one that hateth justice govern ?
1	him that saith to a king , thou art vile ,
1	that respecteth not the persons of princes ,
1	in a moment they die , even at midnight ;
1	for his eyes are upon the ways of a man ,
1	there is no darkness , nor thick gloom ,
1	for he needeth not further to consider a man ,
1	he breaketh in pieces mighty men in ways past finding out ,
1	therefore he taketh knowledge of their works ;
1	he striketh them as wicked men
1	because they turned aside from following him ,
1	so that they caused the cry of the poor to come unto him ,
1	when he giveth quietness , who then can condemn ?
1	that the godless man reign not ,
1	for hath any said unto god ,
1	that which i see not teach thou me :
1	shall his recompense be as thou wilt , that thou refusest it ?
1	men of understanding will say unto me ,
1	job speaketh without knowledge ,
1	would that job were tried unto the end ,
1	for he addeth rebellion unto his sin ;
1	moreover elihu answered and said ,
1	thinkest thou this to be thy right ,
1	that thou sayest , what advantage will it be unto thee ?
1	i will answer thee ,
1	look unto the heavens , and see ;
1	if thou hast sinned , what effectest thou against him ?
1	if thou be righteous , what givest thou him ?
1	thy wickedness may hurt a man as thou art ;
1	by reason of the multitude of oppressions they cry out ;
1	but none saith , where is god my maker ,
1	who teacheth us more than the beasts of the earth ,
1	there they cry , but none giveth answer ,
1	surely god will not hear an empty cry ,
1	how much less when thou sayest thou beholdest him not ,
1	but now , because he hath not visited in his anger ,
1	therefore doth job open his mouth in vanity ;
1	elihu also proceeded , and said ,
1	suffer me a little , and i will show thee ;
1	i will fetch my knowledge from afar ,
1	for truly my words are not false :
1	behold , god is mighty , and despiseth not any :
1	he preserveth not the life of the wicked ,
1	he withdraweth not his eyes from the righteous :
1	and if they be bound in fetters ,
1	then he showeth them their work ,
1	he openeth also their ear to instruction ,
1	if they hearken and serve him ,
1	but if they hearken not , they shall perish by the sword ,
1	but they that are godless in heart lay up anger :
1	they die in youth ,
1	he delivereth the afflicted by their affliction ,
1	yea , he would have allured thee out of distress
1	but thou art full of the judgment of the wicked :
1	for let not wrath stir thee up against chastisements ;
1	will thy cry avail , that thou be not in distress ,
1	desire not the night ,
1	take heed , regard not iniquity :
1	behold , god doeth loftily in his power :
1	who hath enjoined him his way ?
1	remember that thou magnify his work ,
1	all men have looked thereon ;
1	behold , god is great , and we know him not ;
1	for he draweth up the drops of water ,
1	which the skies pour down
1	yea , can any understand the spreadings of the clouds ,
1	behold , he spreadeth his light around him ;
1	for by these he judgeth the peoples ;
1	he covereth his hands with the lightning ,
1	the noise thereof telleth concerning him ,
1	yea , at this my heart trembleth ,
1	hear , oh , hear the noise of his voice ,
1	he sendeth it forth under the whole heaven ,
1	after it a voice roareth ;
1	god thundereth marvellously with his voice ;
1	for he saith to the snow , fall thou on the earth ;
1	he sealeth up the hand of every man ,
1	then the beasts go into coverts ,
1	out of the chamber of the south cometh the storm ,
1	by the breath of god ice is given ;
1	yea , he ladeth the thick cloud with moisture ;
1	and it is turned round about by his guidance ,
1	whether it be for correction , or for his land ,
1	hearken unto this , o job :
1	dost thou know how god layeth his charge upon them ,
1	dost thou know the balancings of the clouds ,
1	how thy garments are warm ,
1	canst thou with him spread out the sky ,
1	teach us what we shall say unto him ;
1	shall it be told him that i would speak ?
1	and now men see not the light which is bright in the skies ;
1	out of the north cometh golden splendor :
1	touching the almighty , we can not find him out :
1	men do therefore fear him :
1	then jehovah answered job out of the whirlwind , and said ,
1	who is this that darkeneth counsel
1	gird up now thy loins like a man ;
1	where wast thou when i laid the foundations of the earth ?
1	who determined the measures thereof , if thou knowest ?
1	whereupon were the foundations thereof fastened ?
1	when the morning stars sang together ,
1	or who shut up the sea with doors ,
1	when i made clouds the garment thereof ,
1	and marked out for it my bound ,
1	and said , hitherto shalt thou come , but no further ;
1	hast thou commanded the morning since thy days began ,
1	that it might take hold of the ends of the earth ,
1	it is changed as clay under the seal ;
1	and from the wicked their light is withholden ,
1	hast thou entered into the springs of the sea ?
1	have the gates of death been revealed unto thee ?
1	hast thou comprehended the earth in its breadth ?
1	where is the way to the dwelling of light ?
1	that thou shouldest take it to the bound thereof ,
1	doubtless , thou knowest , for thou wast then born ,
1	hast thou entered the treasuries of the snow ,
1	which i have reserved against the time of trouble ,
1	by what way is the light parted ,
1	who hath cleft a channel for the waterflood ,
1	to cause it to rain on a land where no man is ;
1	to satisfy the waste and desolate ground ,
1	hath the rain a father ?
1	out of whose womb came the ice ?
1	the waters hide themselves and become like stone ,
1	canst thou bind the cluster of the pleiades ,
1	canst thou lead forth the mazzaroth in their season ?
1	knowest thou the ordinances of the heavens ?
1	canst thou lift up thy voice to the clouds ,
1	canst thou send forth lightnings , that they may go ,
1	who hath put wisdom in the inward parts ?
1	who can number the clouds by wisdom ?
1	when the dust runneth into a mass ,
1	canst thou hunt the prey for the lioness ,
1	when they couch in their dens ,
1	who provideth for the raven his prey ,
1	knowest thou the time when the wild goats of the rock bring forth ?
1	canst thou number the months that they fulfil ?
1	they bow themselves , they bring forth their young ,
1	their young ones become strong , they grow up in the open field ;
1	who hath sent out the wild ass free ?
1	whose home i have made the wilderness ,
1	he scorneth the tumult of the city ,
1	the range of the mountains is his pasture ,
1	will the wild-ox be content to serve thee ?
1	canst thou bind the wild-ox with his band in the furrow ?
1	wilt thou trust him , because his strength is great ?
1	wilt thou confide in him , that he will bring home thy seed ,
1	the wings of the ostrich wave proudly ;
1	for she leaveth her eggs on the earth ,
1	and forgetteth that the foot may crush them ,
1	she dealeth hardly with her young ones , as if they were not hers :
1	because god hath deprived her of wisdom ,
1	what time she lifteth up herself on high ,
1	hast thou given the horse his might ?
1	hast thou made him to leap as a locust ?
1	he paweth in the valley , and rejoiceth in his strength :
1	he mocketh at fear , and is not dismayed ;
1	the quiver rattleth against him ,
1	he swalloweth the ground with fierceness and rage ;
1	as oft as the trumpet soundeth he saith , aha !
1	is it by thy wisdom that the hawk soareth ,
1	is it at thy command that the eagle mounteth up ,
1	on the cliff she dwelleth , and maketh her home ,
1	from thence she spieth out the prey ;
1	her young ones also suck up blood :
1	moreover jehovah answered job , and said ,
1	shall he that cavilleth contend with the almighty ?
1	then job answered jehovah , and said ,
1	behold , i am of small account ; what shall i answer thee ?
1	once have i spoken , and i will not answer ;
1	then jehovah answered job out of the whirlwind , and said ,
1	gird up thy loins now like a man :
1	wilt thou even annul my judgment ?
1	or hast thou an arm like god ?
1	deck thyself now with excellency and dignity ;
1	pour forth the overflowings of thine anger ;
1	look on every one that is proud , and bring him low ;
1	hide them in the dust together ;
1	then will i also confess of thee
1	behold now , behemoth , which i made as well as thee ;
1	lo now , his strength is in his loins ,
1	he moveth his tail like a cedar :
1	his bones are as tubes of brass ;
1	he is the chief of the ways of god :
1	surely the mountains bring him forth food ,
1	he lieth under the lotus-trees ,
1	the lotus-trees cover him with their shade ;
1	behold , if a river overflow , he trembleth not ;
1	shall any take him when he is on the watch ,
1	canst thou draw out leviathan with a fishhook ?
1	canst thou put a rope into his nose ?
1	will he make many supplications unto thee ?
1	will he make a covenant with thee ,
1	wilt thou play with him as with a bird ?
1	will the bands of fishermen make traffic of him ?
1	canst thou fill his skin with barbed irons ,
1	lay thy hand upon him ;
1	behold , the hope of him is in vain :
1	none is so fierce that he dare stir him up ;
1	who hath first given unto me , that i should repay him ?
1	i will not keep silence concerning his limbs ,
1	who can strip off his outer garment ?
1	who can open the doors of his face ?
1	his strong scales are his pride ,
1	one is so near to another ,
1	they are joined one to another ;
1	his sneezings flash forth light ,
1	out of his mouth go burning torches ,
1	out of his nostrils a smoke goeth ,
1	his breath kindleth coals ,
1	in his neck abideth strength ,
1	the flakes of his flesh are joined together :
1	his heart is as firm as a stone ;
1	when he raiseth himself up , the mighty are afraid :
1	if one lay at him with the sword , it can not avail ;
1	he counteth iron as straw ,
1	the arrow can not make him flee :
1	clubs are counted as stubble :
1	his underparts are like sharp potsherds :
1	he maketh the deep to boil like a pot :
1	he maketh a path to shine after him ;
1	upon earth there is not his like ,
1	he beholdeth everything that is high :
1	then job answered jehovah , and said ,
1	i know that thou canst do all things ,
1	who is this that hideth counsel without knowledge ?
1	hear , i beseech thee , and i will speak ;
1	i had heard of thee by the hearing of the ear ;
1	wherefore i abhor myself ,
1	so eliphaz the temanite and bildad the shuhite and zophar the naamathite went , and did according as jehovah commanded them : and jehovah accepted job .
1	and jehovah turned the captivity of job , when he prayed for his friends : and jehovah gave job twice as much as he had before .
1	he had also seven sons and three daughters .
1	and he called the name of the first , jemimah ; and the name of the second , keziah ; and the name of the third , keren-happuch .
1	and in all the land were no women found so fair as the daughters of job : and their father gave them inheritance among their brethren .
1	and after this job lived a hundred and forty years , and saw his sons , and his sons ’ sons , even four generations .
1	so job died , being old and full of days .
1	the word of jehovah that came to joel the son of pethuel .
1	tell ye your children of it , and let your children tell their children , and their children another generation .
1	lament like a virgin girded with sackcloth for the husband of her youth .
1	the meal-offering and the drink-offering are cut off from the house of jehovah ; the priests , jehovah ’ s ministers , mourn .
1	the field is laid waste , the land mourneth ; for the grain is destroyed , the new wine is dried up , the oil languisheth .
1	be confounded , o ye husbandmen , wail , o ye vinedressers , for the wheat and for the barley ; for the harvest of the field is perished .
1	alas for the day ! for the day of jehovah is at hand , and as destruction from the almighty shall it come .
1	is not the food cut off before our eyes , yea , joy and gladness from the house of our god ?
1	the seeds rot under their clods ; the garners are laid desolate , the barns are broken down ; for the grain is withered .
1	how do the beasts groan ! the herds of cattle are perplexed , because they have no pasture ; yea , the flocks of sheep are made desolate .
1	yea , the beasts of the field pant unto thee ; for the water brooks are dried up , and the fire hath devoured the pastures of the wilderness .
1	the appearance of them is as the appearance of horses ; and as horsemen , so do they run .
1	at their presence the peoples are in anguish ; all faces are waxed pale .
1	neither doth one thrust another ; they march every one in his path ; and they burst through the weapons , and break not off their course .
1	they leap upon the city ; they run upon the wall ; they climb up into the houses ; they enter in at the windows like a thief .
1	the earth quaketh before them ; the heavens tremble ; the sun and the moon are darkened , and the stars withdraw their shining .
1	yet even now , saith jehovah , turn ye unto me with all your heart , and with fasting , and with weeping , and with mourning :
1	who knoweth whether he will not turn and repent , and leave a blessing behind him , even a meal-offering and a drink-offering unto jehovah your god ?
1	blow the trumpet in zion , sanctify a fast , call a solemn assembly ;
1	then was jehovah jealous for his land , and had pity on his people .
1	fear not , o land , be glad and rejoice ; for jehovah hath done great things .
1	and the floors shall be full of wheat , and the vats shall overflow with new wine and oil .
1	and also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will i pour out my spirit .
1	and i will show wonders in the heavens and in the earth : blood , and fire , and pillars of smoke .
1	the sun shall be turned into darkness , and the moon into blood , before the great and terrible day of jehovah cometh .
1	for , behold , in those days , and in that time , when i shall bring back the captivity of judah and jerusalem ,
1	and have cast lots for my people , and have given a boy for a harlot , and sold a girl for wine , that they may drink .
1	forasmuch as ye have taken my silver and my gold , and have carried into your temples my goodly precious things ,
1	and have sold the children of judah and the children of jerusalem unto the sons of the grecians , that ye may remove them far from their border ;
1	behold , i will stir them up out of the place whither ye have sold them , and will return your recompense upon your own head ;
1	proclaim ye this among the nations ; prepare war ; stir up the mighty men ; let all the men of war draw near , let them come up .
1	beat your plowshares into swords , and your pruning-hooks into spears : let the weak say , i am strong .
1	haste ye , and come , all ye nations round about , and gather yourselves together : thither cause thy mighty ones to come down , o jehovah .
1	let the nations bestir themselves , and come up to the valley of jehoshaphat ; for there will i sit to judge all the nations round about .
1	multitudes , multitudes in the valley of decision ! for the day of jehovah is near in the valley of decision .
1	the sun and the moon are darkened , and the stars withdraw their shining .
1	but judah shall abide for ever , and jerusalem from generation to generation .
1	and i will cleanse their blood , that i have not cleansed : for jehovah dwelleth in zion .
1	in the beginning was the word , and the word was with god , and the word was god .
1	the same was in the beginning with god .
1	all things were made through him ; and without him was not anything made that hath been made .
1	in him was life ; and the life was the light of men .
1	and the light shineth in the darkness ; and the darkness apprehended it not .
1	there came a man , sent from god , whose name was john .
1	the same came for witness , that he might bear witness of the light , that all might believe through him .
1	he was not the light , but came that he might bear witness of the light .
1	there was the true light , even the light which lighteth every man , coming into the world .
1	he was in the world , and the world was made through him , and the world knew him not .
1	he came unto his own , and they that were his own received him not .
1	but as many as received him , to them gave he the right to become children of god , even to them that believe on his name :
1	who were born , not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of god .
1	for of his fulness we all received , and grace for grace .
1	for the law was given through moses ; grace and truth came through jesus christ .
1	no man hath seen god at any time ; the only begotten son , who is in the bosom of the father , he hath declared him .
1	and this is the witness of john , when the jews sent unto him from jerusalem priests and levites to ask him , who art thou ?
1	and he confessed , and denied not ; and he confessed , i am not the christ .
1	they said therefore unto him , who art thou ? that we may give an answer to them that sent us . what sayest thou of thyself ?
1	he said , i am the voice of one crying in the wilderness , make straight the way of the lord , as said isaiah the prophet .
1	and they had been sent from the pharisees .
1	and they asked him , and said unto him , why then baptizest thou , if thou art not the christ , neither elijah , neither the prophet ?
1	john answered them , saying , i baptize in water : in the midst of you standeth one whom ye know not ,
1	even he that cometh after me , the latchet of whose shoe i am not worthy to unloose .
1	these things were done in bethany beyond the jordan , where john was baptizing .
1	on the morrow he seeth jesus coming unto him , and saith , behold , the lamb of god , that taketh away the sin of the world !
1	this is he of whom i said , after me cometh a man who is become before me : for he was before me .
1	and i knew him not ; but that he should be made manifest to israel , for this cause came i baptizing in water .
1	and john bare witness , saying , i have beheld the spirit descending as a dove out of heaven ; and it abode upon him .
1	and i have seen , and have borne witness that this is the son of god .
1	again on the morrow john was standing , and two of his disciples ;
1	and he looked upon jesus as he walked , and saith , behold , the lamb of god !
1	and the two disciples heard him speak , and they followed jesus .
1	one of the two that heard john speak , and followed him , was andrew , simon peter ’ s brother .
1	he findeth first his own brother simon , and saith unto him , we have found the messiah ( which is , being interpreted , christ ) .
1	on the morrow he was minded to go forth into galilee , and he findeth philip : and jesus saith unto him , follow me .
1	now philip was from bethsaida , of the city of andrew and peter .
1	and nathanael said unto him , can any good thing come out of nazareth ? philip saith unto him , come and see .
1	jesus saw nathanael coming to him , and saith of him , behold , an israelite indeed , in whom is no guile !
1	nathanael answered him , rabbi , thou art the son of god ; thou art king of israel .
1	and the third day there was a marriage in cana of galilee ; and the mother of jesus was there :
1	and jesus also was bidden , and his disciples , to the marriage .
1	and when the wine failed , the mother of jesus saith unto him , they have no wine .
1	and jesus saith unto her , woman , what have i to do with thee ? mine hour is not yet come .
1	his mother saith unto the servants , whatsoever he saith unto you , do it .
1	now there were six waterpots of stone set there after the jews ’ manner of purifying , containing two or three firkins apiece .
1	jesus saith unto them , fill the waterpots with water . and they filled them up to the brim .
1	and he saith unto them , draw out now , and bear unto the ruler of the feast . and they bare it .
1	this beginning of his signs did jesus in cana of galilee , and manifested his glory ; and his disciples believed on him .
1	after this he went down to capernaum , he , and his mother , and his brethren , and his disciples ; and there they abode not many days .
1	and the passover of the jews was at hand , and jesus went up to jerusalem .
1	and he found in the temple those that sold oxen and sheep and doves , and the changers of money sitting :
1	and to them that sold the doves he said , take these things hence ; make not my father ’ s house a house of merchandise .
1	his disciples remembered that it was written , zeal for thy house shall eat me up .
1	the jews therefore answered and said unto him , what sign showest thou unto us , seeing that thou doest these things ?
1	jesus answered and said unto them , destroy this temple , and in three days i will raise it up .
1	the jews therefore said , forty and six years was this temple in building , and wilt thou raise it up in three days ?
1	but he spake of the temple of his body .
1	now when he was in jerusalem at the passover , during the feast , many believed on his name , beholding his signs which he did .
1	but jesus did not trust himself unto them , for that he knew all men ,
1	and because he needed not that any one should bear witness concerning man ; for he himself knew what was in man .
1	now there was a man of the pharisees , named nicodemus , a ruler of the jews :
1	that which is born of the flesh is flesh ; and that which is born of the spirit is spirit .
1	marvel not that i said unto thee , ye must be born anew .
1	nicodemus answered and said unto him , how can these things be ?
1	jesus answered and said unto him , art thou the teacher of israel , and understandest not these things ?
1	if i told you earthly things and ye believe not , how shall ye believe if i tell you heavenly things ?
1	and no one hath ascended into heaven , but he that descended out of heaven , even the son of man , who is in heaven .
1	and as moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness , even so must the son of man be lifted up ;
1	that whosoever believeth may in him have eternal life .
1	for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth on him should not perish , but have eternal life .
1	for god sent not the son into the world to judge the world ; but that the world should be saved through him .
1	for every one that doeth evil hateth the light , and cometh not to the light , lest his works should be reproved .
1	but he that doeth the truth cometh to the light , that his works may be made manifest , that they have been wrought in god .
1	after these things came jesus and his disciples into the land of judaea ; and there he tarried with them , and baptized .
1	and john also was baptizing in aenon near to salim , because there was much water there : and they came , and were baptized .
1	for john was not yet cast into prison .
1	there arose therefore a questioning on the part of john ’ s disciples with a jew about purifying .
1	john answered and said , a man can receive nothing , except it have been given him from heaven .
1	ye yourselves bear me witness , that i said , i am not the christ , but , that i am sent before him .
1	he must increase , but i must decrease .
1	what he hath seen and heard , of that he beareth witness ; and no man receiveth his witness .
1	he that hath received his witness hath set his seal to this , that god is true .
1	for he whom god hath sent speaketh the words of god : for he giveth not the spirit by measure .
1	the father loveth the son , and hath given all things into his hand .
1	when therefore the lord knew that the pharisees had heard that jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than john
1	( although jesus himself baptized not , but his disciples ) ,
1	he left judaea , and departed again into galilee .
1	and he must needs pass through samaria .
1	so he cometh to a city of samaria , called sychar , near to the parcel of ground that jacob gave to his son joseph :
1	and jacob ’ s well was there . jesus therefore , being wearied with his journey , sat thus by the well . it was about the sixth hour .
1	there cometh a woman of samaria to draw water : jesus saith unto her , give me to drink .
1	for his disciples were gone away into the city to buy food .
1	the woman saith unto him , sir , thou hast nothing to draw with , and the well is deep : whence then hast thou that living water ?
1	art thou greater than our father jacob , who gave us the well , and drank thereof himself , and his sons , and his cattle ?
1	jesus answered and said unto her , every one that drinketh of this water shall thirst again :
1	the woman saith unto him , sir , give me this water , that i thirst not , neither come all the way hither to draw .
1	jesus saith unto her , go , call thy husband , and come hither .
1	the woman answered and said unto him , i have no husband . jesus saith unto her , thou saidst well , i have no husband :
1	for thou hast had five husbands ; and he whom thou now hast is not thy husband : this hast thou said truly .
1	the woman saith unto him , sir , i perceive that thou art a prophet .
1	our fathers worshipped in this mountain ; and ye say , that in jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship .
1	jesus saith unto her , woman , believe me , the hour cometh , when neither in this mountain , nor in jerusalem , shall ye worship the father .
1	ye worship that which ye know not : we worship that which we know ; for salvation is from the jews .
1	god is a spirit : and they that worship him must worship in spirit and truth .
1	jesus saith unto her , i that speak unto thee am he .
1	so the woman left her waterpot , and went away into the city , and saith to the people ,
1	come , see a man , who told me all things that ever i did : can this be the christ ?
1	they went out of the city , and were coming to him .
1	in the mean while the disciples prayed him , saying , rabbi , eat .
1	but he said unto them , i have meat to eat that ye know not .
1	the disciples therefore said one to another , hath any man brought him aught to eat ?
1	jesus saith unto them , my meat is to do the will of him that sent me , and to accomplish his work .
1	he that reapeth receiveth wages , and gathereth fruit unto life eternal ; that he that soweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together .
1	for herein is the saying true , one soweth , and another reapeth .
1	i sent you to reap that whereon ye have not labored : others have labored , and ye are entered into their labor .
1	so when the samaritans came unto him , they besought him to abide with them : and he abode there two days .
1	and many more believed because of his word ;
1	and after the two days he went forth from thence into galilee .
1	for jesus himself testified , that a prophet hath no honor in his own country .
1	he came therefore again unto cana of galilee , where he made the water wine . and there was a certain nobleman , whose son was sick at capernaum .
1	jesus therefore said unto him , except ye see signs and wonders , ye will in no wise believe .
1	the nobleman saith unto him , sir , come down ere my child die .
1	jesus saith unto him , go thy way ; thy son liveth . the man believed the word that jesus spake unto him , and he went his way .
1	and as he was now going down , his servants met him , saying , that his son lived .
1	so he inquired of them the hour when he began to amend . they said therefore unto him , yesterday at the seventh hour the fever left him .
1	so the father knew that it was at that hour in which jesus said unto him , thy son liveth : and himself believed , and his whole house .
1	this is again the second sign that jesus did , having come out of judaea into galilee .
1	after these things there was a feast of the jews ; and jesus went up to jerusalem .
1	now there is in jerusalem by the sheep gate a pool , which is called in hebrew bethesda , having five porches .
1	in these lay a multitude of them that were sick , blind , halt , withered .
1	and a certain man was there , who had been thirty and eight years in his infirmity .
1	jesus saith unto him , arise , take up thy bed , and walk .
1	and straightway the man was made whole , and took up his bed and walked .
1	so the jews said unto him that was cured , it is the sabbath , and it is not lawful for thee to take up thy bed .
1	but he answered them , he that made me whole , the same said unto me , take up thy bed , and walk .
1	they asked him , who is the man that said unto thee , take up thy bed , and walk ?
1	but he that was healed knew not who it was ; for jesus had conveyed himself away , a multitude being in the place .
1	the man went away , and told the jews that it was jesus who had made him whole .
1	and for this cause the jews persecuted jesus , because he did these things on the sabbath .
1	but jesus answered them , my father worketh even until now , and i work .
1	for as the father raiseth the dead and giveth them life , even so the son also giveth life to whom he will .
1	for neither doth the father judge any man , but he hath given all judgment unto the son ;
1	that all may honor the son , even as they honor the father . he that honoreth not the son honoreth not the father that sent him .
1	for as the father hath life in himself , even so gave he to the son also to have life in himself :
1	and he gave him authority to execute judgment , because he is a son of man .
1	marvel not at this : for the hour cometh , in which all that are in the tombs shall hear his voice ,
1	and shall come forth ; they that have done good , unto the resurrection of life ; and they that have done evil , unto the resurrection of judgment .
1	if i bear witness of myself , my witness is not true .
1	it is another that beareth witness of me ; and i know that the witness which he witnesseth of me is true .
1	ye have sent unto john , and he hath borne witness unto the truth .
1	but the witness which i receive is not from man : howbeit i say these things , that ye may be saved .
1	he was the lamp that burneth and shineth ; and ye were willing to rejoice for a season in his light .
1	and the father that sent me , he hath borne witness of me . ye have neither heard his voice at any time , nor seen his form .
1	and ye have not his word abiding in you : for whom he sent , him ye believe not .
1	ye search the scriptures , because ye think that in them ye have eternal life ; and these are they which bear witness of me ;
1	and ye will not come to me , that ye may have life .
1	i receive not glory from men .
1	but i know you , that ye have not the love of god in yourselves .
1	i am come in my father ’ s name , and ye receive me not : if another shall come in his own name , him ye will receive .
1	how can ye believe , who receive glory one of another , and the glory that cometh from the only god ye seek not ?
1	think not that i will accuse you to the father : there is one that accuseth you , even moses , on whom ye have set your hope .
1	for if ye believed moses , ye would believe me ; for he wrote of me .
1	but if ye believe not his writings , how shall ye believe my words ?
1	after these things jesus went away to the other side of the sea of galilee , which is the sea of tiberias .
1	and a great multitude followed him , because they beheld the signs which he did on them that were sick .
1	and jesus went up into the mountain , and there he sat with his disciples .
1	now the passover , the feast of the jews , was at hand .
1	and this he said to prove him : for he himself knew what he would do .
1	philip answered him , two hundred shillings ’ worth of bread is not sufficient for them , that every one may take a little .
1	one of his disciples , andrew , simon peter ’ s brother , saith unto him ,
1	there is a lad here , who hath five barley loaves , and two fishes : but what are these among so many ?
1	jesus said , make the people sit down . now there was much grass in the place . so the men sat down , in number about five thousand .
1	and when they were filled , he saith unto his disciples , gather up the broken pieces which remain over , that nothing be lost .
1	so they gathered them up , and filled twelve baskets with broken pieces from the five barley loaves , which remained over unto them that had eaten .
1	when therefore the people saw the sign which he did , they said , this is of a truth the prophet that cometh into the world .
1	jesus therefore perceiving that they were about to come and take him by force , to make him king , withdrew again into the mountain himself alone .
1	and when evening came , his disciples went down unto the sea ;
1	and the sea was rising by reason of a great wind that blew .
1	but he saith unto them , it is i ; be not afraid .
1	they were willing therefore to receive him into the boat : and straightway the boat was at the land whither they were going .
1	( howbeit there came boats from tiberias nigh unto the place where they ate the bread after the lord had given thanks ) :
1	when the multitude therefore saw that jesus was not there , neither his disciples , they themselves got into the boats , and came to capernaum , seeking jesus .
1	and when they found him on the other side of the sea , they said unto him , rabbi , when camest thou hither ?
1	they said therefore unto him , what must we do , that we may work the works of god ?
1	jesus answered and said unto them , this is the work of god , that ye believe on him whom he hath sent .
1	they said therefore unto him , what then doest thou for a sign , that we may see , and believe thee ? what workest thou ?
1	our fathers ate the manna in the wilderness ; as it is written , he gave them bread out of heaven to eat .
1	for the bread of god is that which cometh down out of heaven , and giveth life unto the world .
1	they said therefore unto him , lord , evermore give us this bread .
1	but i said unto you , that ye have seen me , and yet believe not .
1	all that which the father giveth me shall come unto me ; and him that cometh to me i will in no wise cast out .
1	for i am come down from heaven , not to do mine own will , but the will of him that sent me .
1	the jews therefore murmured concerning him , because he said , i am the bread which came down out of heaven .
1	jesus answered and said unto them , murmur not among yourselves .
1	no man can come to me , except the father that sent me draw him : and i will raise him up in the last day .
1	not that any man hath seen the father , save he that is from god , he hath seen the father .
1	verily , verily , i say unto you , he that believeth hath eternal life .
1	i am the bread of life .
1	your fathers ate the manna in the wilderness , and they died .
1	this is the bread which cometh down out of heaven , that a man may eat thereof , and not die .
1	the jews therefore strove one with another , saying , how can this man give us his flesh to eat ?
1	he that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood hath eternal life ; and i will raise him up at the last day .
1	for my flesh is meat indeed , and my blood is drink indeed .
1	he that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood abideth in me , and i in him .
1	as the living father sent me , and i live because of the father ; so he that eateth me , he also shall live because of me .
1	this is the bread which came down out of heaven : not as the fathers ate , and died ; he that eateth this bread shall live for ever .
1	these things said he in the synagogue , as he taught in capernaum .
1	many therefore of his disciples , when they heard this , said , this is a hard saying ; who can hear it ?
1	but jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this , said unto them , doth this cause you to stumble ?
1	what then if ye should behold the son of man ascending where he was before ?
1	it is the spirit that giveth life ; the flesh profiteth nothing : the words that i have spoken unto you are spirit , and are life .
1	upon this many of his disciples went back , and walked no more with him .
1	jesus said therefore unto the twelve , would ye also go away ?
1	simon peter answered him , lord , to whom shall we go ? thou hast the words of eternal life .
1	and we have believed and know that thou art the holy one of god .
1	jesus answered them , did not i choose you the twelve , and one of you is a devil ?
1	now he spake of judas the son of simon iscariot , for he it was that should betray him , being one of the twelve .
1	and after these things jesus walked in galilee : for he would not walk in judaea , because the jews sought to kill him .
1	now the feast of the jews , the feast of tabernacles , was at hand .
1	his brethren therefore said unto him , depart hence , and go into judaea , that thy disciples also may behold thy works which thou doest .
1	for no man doeth anything in secret , and himself seeketh to be known openly . if thou doest these things , manifest thyself to the world .
1	for even his brethren did not believe on him .
1	jesus therefore saith unto them , my time is not yet come ; but your time is always ready .
1	the world can not hate you ; but me it hateth , because i testify of it , that its works are evil .
1	go ye up unto the feast : i go not up unto this feast ; because my time is not yet fulfilled .
1	and having said these things unto them , he abode still in galilee .
1	but when his brethren were gone up unto the feast , then went he also up , not publicly , but as it were in secret .
1	the jews therefore sought him at the feast , and said , where is he ?
1	yet no man spake openly of him for fear of the jews .
1	but when it was now the midst of the feast jesus went up into the temple , and taught .
1	the jews therefore marvelled , saying , how knoweth this man letters , having never learned ?
1	jesus therefore answered them , and said , my teaching is not mine , but his that sent me .
1	if any man willeth to do his will , he shall know of the teaching , whether it is of god , or whether i speak from myself .
1	did not moses give you the law , and yet none of you doeth the law ? why seek ye to kill me ?
1	the multitude answered , thou hast a demon : who seeketh to kill thee ?
1	jesus answered and said unto them , i did one work , and ye all marvel because thereof .
1	moses hath given you circumcision ( not that it is of moses , but of the fathers ) ; and on the sabbath ye circumcise a man .
1	judge not according to appearance , but judge righteous judgment .
1	some therefore of them of jerusalem said , is not this he whom they seek to kill ?
1	and lo , he speaketh openly , and they say nothing unto him . can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is the christ ?
1	howbeit we know this man whence he is : but when the christ cometh , no one knoweth whence he is .
1	i know him ; because i am from him , and he sent me .
1	they sought therefore to take him : and no man laid his hand on him , because his hour was not yet come .
1	the pharisees heard the multitude murmuring these things concerning him ; and the chief priests and the pharisees sent officers to take him .
1	jesus therefore said , yet a little while am i with you , and i go unto him that sent me .
1	ye shall seek me , and shall not find me : and where i am , ye can not come .
1	what is this word that he said , ye shall seek me , and shall not find me ; and where i am , ye can not come ?
1	he that believeth on me , as the scripture hath said , from within him shall flow rivers of living water .
1	some of the multitude therefore , when they heard these words , said , this is of a truth the prophet .
1	others said , this is the christ . but some said , what , doth the christ come out of galilee ?
1	hath not the scripture said that the christ cometh of the seed of david , and from bethlehem , the village where david was ?
1	so there arose a division in the multitude because of him .
1	and some of them would have taken him ; but no man laid hands on him .
1	the officers therefore came to the chief priests and pharisees ; and they said unto them , why did ye not bring him ?
1	the officers answered , never man so spake .
1	the pharisees therefore answered them , are ye also led astray ?
1	hath any of the rulers believed on him , or of the pharisees ?
1	but this multitude that knoweth not the law are accursed .
1	nicodemus saith unto them ( he that came to him before , being one of them ) ,
1	doth our law judge a man , except it first hear from himself and know what he doeth ?
1	they answered and said unto him , art thou also of galilee ? search , and see that out of galilee ariseth no prophet .
1	and they went every man unto his own house :
1	but jesus went unto the mount of olives .
1	and early in the morning he came again into the temple , and all the people came unto him ; and he sat down , and taught them .
1	and the scribes and the pharisees bring a woman taken in adultery ; and having set her in the midst ,
1	they say unto him , teacher , this woman hath been taken in adultery , in the very act .
1	now in the law moses commanded us to stone such : what then sayest thou of her ?
1	and again he stooped down , and with his finger wrote on the ground .
1	and jesus lifted up himself , and said unto her , woman , where are they ? did no man condemn thee ?
1	and she said , no man , lord . and jesus said , neither do i condemn thee : go thy way ; from henceforth sin no more . ]
1	the pharisees therefore said unto him , thou bearest witness of thyself ; thy witness is not true .
1	ye judge after the flesh ; i judge no man .
1	yea and if i judge , my judgment is true ; for i am not alone , but i and the father that sent me .
1	yea and in your law it is written , that the witness of two men is true .
1	i am he that beareth witness of myself , and the father that sent me beareth witness of me .
1	these words spake he in the treasury , as he taught in the temple : and no man took him ; because his hour was not yet come .
1	the jews therefore said , will he kill himself , that he saith , whither i go , ye can not come ?
1	and he said unto them , ye are from beneath ; i am from above : ye are of this world ; i am not of this world .
1	i said therefore unto you , that ye shall die in your sins : for except ye believe that i am he , ye shall die in your sins .
1	they said therefore unto him , who art thou ? jesus said unto them , even that which i have also spoken unto you from the beginning .
1	they perceived not that he spake to them of the father .
1	and he that sent me is with me ; he hath not left me alone ; for i do always the things that are pleasing to him .
1	as he spake these things , many believed on him .
1	jesus therefore said to those jews that had believed him , if ye abide in my word , then are ye truly my disciples ;
1	and ye shall know the truth , and the truth shall make you free .
1	jesus answered them , verily , verily , i say unto you , every one that committeth sin is the bondservant of sin .
1	and the bondservant abideth not in the house for ever : the son abideth for ever .
1	if therefore the son shall make you free , ye shall be free indeed .
1	i know that ye are abraham ’ s seed ; yet ye seek to kill me , because my word hath not free course in you .
1	i speak the things which i have seen with my father : and ye also do the things which ye heard from your father .
1	but now ye seek to kill me , a man that hath told you the truth , which i heard from god : this did not abraham .
1	ye do the works of your father . they said unto him , we were not born of fornication ; we have one father , even god .
1	why do ye not understand my speech ? even because ye can not hear my word .
1	but because i say the truth , ye believe me not .
1	which of you convicteth me of sin ? if i say truth , why do ye not believe me ?
1	he that is of god heareth the words of god : for this cause ye hear them not , because ye are not of god .
1	the jews answered and said unto him , say we not well that thou art a samaritan , and hast a demon ?
1	jesus answered , i have not a demon ; but i honor my father , and ye dishonor me .
1	but i seek not mine own glory : there is one that seeketh and judgeth .
1	verily , verily , i say unto you , if a man keep my word , he shall never see death .
1	art thou greater than our father abraham , who died ? and the prophets died : whom makest thou thyself ?
1	your father abraham rejoiced to see my day ; and he saw it , and was glad .
1	the jews therefore said unto him , thou art not yet fifty years old , and hast thou seen abraham ?
1	jesus said unto them , verily , verily , i say unto you , before abraham was born , i am .
1	they took up stones therefore to cast at him : but jesus hid himself , and went out of the temple .
1	and as he passed by , he saw a man blind from his birth .
1	and his disciples asked him , saying , rabbi , who sinned , this man , or his parents , that he should be born blind ?
1	jesus answered , neither did this man sin , nor his parents : but that the works of god should be made manifest in him .
1	we must work the works of him that sent me , while it is day : the night cometh , when no man can work .
1	when i am in the world , i am the light of the world .
1	when he had thus spoken , he spat on the ground , and made clay of the spittle , and anointed his eyes with the clay ,
1	the neighbors therefore , and they that saw him aforetime , that he was a beggar , said , is not this he that sat and begged ?
1	others said , it is he : others said , no , but he is like him . he said , i am he .
1	they said therefore unto him , how then were thine eyes opened ?
1	and they said unto him , where is he ? he saith , i know not .
1	they bring to the pharisees him that aforetime was blind .
1	now it was the sabbath on the day when jesus made the clay , and opened his eyes .
1	and asked them , saying , is this your son , who ye say was born blind ? how then doth he now see ?
1	his parents answered and said , we know that this is our son , and that he was born blind :
1	therefore said his parents , he is of age ; ask him .
1	he therefore answered , whether he is a sinner , i know not : one thing i know , that , whereas i was blind , now i see .
1	they said therefore unto him , what did he to thee ? how opened he thine eyes ?
1	he answered them , i told you even now , and ye did not hear ; wherefore would ye hear it again ? would ye also become his disciples ?
1	and they reviled him , and said , thou art his disciple ; but we are disciples of moses .
1	we know that god hath spoken unto moses : but as for this man , we know not whence he is .
1	the man answered and said unto them , why , herein is the marvel , that ye know not whence he is , and yet he opened mine eyes .
1	we know that god heareth not sinners : but if any man be a worshipper of god , and do his will , him he heareth .
1	since the world began it was never heard that any one opened the eyes of a man born blind .
1	if this man were not from god , he could do nothing .
1	they answered and said unto him , thou wast altogether born in sins , and dost thou teach us ? and they cast him out .
1	jesus heard that they had cast him out ; and finding him , he said , dost thou believe on the son of god ?
1	he answered and said , and who is he , lord , that i may believe on him ?
1	jesus said unto him , thou hast both seen him , and he it is that speaketh with thee .
1	and he said , lord , i believe . and he worshipped him .
1	and jesus said , for judgment came i into this world , that they that see not may see ; and that they that see may become blind .
1	those of the pharisees who were with him heard these things , and said unto him , are we also blind ?
1	jesus said unto them , if ye were blind , ye would have no sin : but now ye say , we see : your sin remaineth .
1	but he that entereth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep .
1	to him the porter openeth ; and the sheep hear his voice : and he calleth his own sheep by name , and leadeth them out .
1	when he hath put forth all his own , he goeth before them , and the sheep follow him : for they know his voice .
1	and a stranger will they not follow , but will flee from him : for they know not the voice of strangers .
1	this parable spake jesus unto them : but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them .
1	jesus therefore said unto them again , verily , verily , i say unto you , i am the door of the sheep .
1	all that came before me are thieves and robbers : but the sheep did not hear them .
1	i am the good shepherd : the good shepherd layeth down his life for the sheep .
1	he fleeth because he is a hireling , and careth not for the sheep .
1	i am the good shepherd ; and i know mine own , and mine own know me ,
1	even as the father knoweth me , and i know the father ; and i lay down my life for the sheep .
1	therefore doth the father love me , because i lay down my life , that i may take it again .
1	there arose a division again among the jews because of these words .
1	and many of them said , he hath a demon , and is mad ; why hear ye him ?
1	others said , these are not the sayings of one possessed with a demon . can a demon open the eyes of the blind ?
1	and it was the feast of the dedication at jerusalem :
1	it was winter ; and jesus was walking in the temple in solomon ’ s porch .
1	but ye believe not , because ye are not of my sheep .
1	my sheep hear my voice , and i know them , and they follow me :
1	and i give unto them eternal life ; and they shall never perish , and no one shall snatch them out of my hand .
1	i and the father are one .
1	the jews took up stones again to stone him .
1	jesus answered them , many good works have i showed you from the father ; for which of those works do ye stone me ?
1	jesus answered them , is it not written in your law , i said , ye are gods ?
1	if he called them gods , unto whom the word of god came ( and the scripture can not be broken ) ,
1	say ye of him , whom the father sanctified and sent into the world , thou blasphemest ; because i said , i am the son of god ?
1	if i do not the works of my father , believe me not .
1	they sought again to take him : and he went forth out of their hand .
1	and he went away again beyond the jordan into the place where john was at the first baptizing ; and there he abode .
1	and many came unto him ; and they said , john indeed did no sign : but all things whatsoever john spake of this man were true .
1	and many believed on him there .
1	now a certain man was sick , lazarus of bethany , of the village of mary and her sister martha .
1	and it was that mary who anointed the lord with ointment , and wiped his feet with her hair , whose brother lazarus was sick .
1	the sisters therefore sent unto him , saying , lord , behold , he whom thou lovest is sick .
1	now jesus loved martha , and her sister , and lazarus .
1	when therefore he heard that he was sick , he abode at that time two days in the place where he was .
1	then after this he saith to the disciples , let us go into judaea again .
1	the disciples say unto him , rabbi , the jews were but now seeking to stone thee ; and goest thou thither again ?
1	but if a man walk in the night , he stumbleth , because the light is not in him .
1	the disciples therefore said unto him , lord , if he is fallen asleep , he will recover .
1	now jesus had spoken of his death : but they thought that he spake of taking rest in sleep .
1	then jesus therefore said unto them plainly , lazarus is dead .
1	and i am glad for your sakes that i was not there , to the intent ye may believe ; nevertheless let us go unto him .
1	thomas therefore , who is called didymus , said unto his fellow-disciples , let us also go , that we may die with him .
1	so when jesus came , he found that he had been in the tomb four days already .
1	now bethany was nigh unto jerusalem , about fifteen furlongs off ;
1	and many of the jews had come to martha and mary , to console them concerning their brother .
1	martha therefore , when she heard that jesus was coming , went and met him : but mary still sat in the house .
1	martha therefore said unto jesus , lord , if thou hadst been here , my brother had not died .
1	and even now i know that , whatsoever thou shalt ask of god , god will give thee .
1	jesus saith unto her , thy brother shall rise again .
1	martha saith unto him , i know that he shall rise again in the resurrection at the last day .
1	jesus said unto her , i am the resurrection , and the life : he that believeth on me , though he die , yet shall he live ;
1	and whosoever liveth and believeth on me shall never die . believest thou this ?
1	and when she had said this , she went away , and called mary her sister secretly , saying , the teacher is here , and calleth thee .
1	and she , when she heard it , arose quickly , and went unto him .
1	( now jesus was not yet come into the village , but was still in the place where martha met him . )
1	when jesus therefore saw her weeping , and the jews also weeping who came with her , he groaned in the spirit , and was troubled ,
1	and said , where have ye laid him ? they say unto him , lord , come and see .
1	the jews therefore said , behold how he loved him !
1	jesus therefore again groaning in himself cometh to the tomb . now it was a cave , and a stone lay against it .
1	jesus saith unto her , said i not unto thee , that , if thou believedst , thou shouldest see the glory of god ?
1	so they took away the stone . and jesus lifted up his eyes , and said , father , i thank thee that thou heardest me .
1	and when he had thus spoken , he cried with a loud voice , lazarus , come forth .
1	many therefore of the jews , who came to mary and beheld that which he did , believed on him .
1	but some of them went away to the pharisees , and told them the things which jesus had done .
1	the chief priests therefore and the pharisees gathered a council , and said , what do we ? for this man doeth many signs .
1	if we let him thus alone , all men will believe on him : and the romans will come and take away both our place and our nation .
1	but a certain one of them , caiaphas , being high priest that year , said unto them , ye know nothing at all ,
1	nor do ye take account that it is expedient for you that one man should die for the people , and that the whole nation perish not .
1	now this he said not of himself : but being high priest that year , he prophesied that jesus should die for the nation ;
1	and not for the nation only , but that he might also gather together into one the children of god that are scattered abroad .
1	so from that day forth they took counsel that they might put him to death .
1	now the passover of the jews was at hand : and many went up to jerusalem out of the country before the passover , to purify themselves .
1	jesus therefore six days before the passover came to bethany , where lazarus was , whom jesus raised from the dead .
1	so they made him a supper there : and martha served ; but lazarus was one of them that sat at meat with him .
1	but judas iscariot , one of his disciples , that should betray him , saith ,
1	why was not this ointment sold for three hundred shillings , and given to the poor ?
1	jesus therefore said , suffer her to keep it against the day of my burying .
1	for the poor ye have always with you ; but me ye have not always .
1	but the chief priests took counsel that they might put lazarus also to death ;
1	because that by reason of him many of the jews went away , and believed on jesus .
1	on the morrow a great multitude that had come to the feast , when they heard that jesus was coming to jerusalem ,
1	and jesus , having found a young ass , sat thereon ; as it is written ,
1	fear not , daughter of zion : behold , thy king cometh , sitting on an ass ’ s colt .
1	the multitude therefore that was with him when he called lazarus out of the tomb , and raised him from the dead , bare witness .
1	for this cause also the multitude went and met him , for that they heard that he had done this sign .
1	the pharisees therefore said among themselves , behold how ye prevail nothing ; lo , the world is gone after him .
1	now there were certain greeks among those that went up to worship at the feast :
1	these therefore came to philip , who was of bethsaida of galilee , and asked him , saying , sir , we would see jesus .
1	philip cometh and telleth andrew : andrew cometh , and philip , and they tell jesus .
1	and jesus answereth them , saying , the hour is come , that the son of man should be glorified .
1	he that loveth his life loseth it ; and he that hateth his life in this world shall keep it unto life eternal .
1	now is my soul troubled ; and what shall i say ? father , save me from this hour . but for this cause came i unto this hour .
1	father , glorify thy name . there came therefore a voice out of heaven , saying , i have both glorified it , and will glorify it again .
1	the multitude therefore , that stood by , and heard it , said that it had thundered : others said , an angel hath spoken to him .
1	jesus answered and said , this voice hath not come for my sake , but for your sakes .
1	now is the judgment of this world : now shall the prince of this world be cast out .
1	and i , if i be lifted up from the earth , will draw all men unto myself .
1	but this he said , signifying by what manner of death he should die .
1	while ye have the light , believe on the light , that ye may become sons of light .
1	but though he had done so many signs before them , yet they believed not on him :
1	that the word of isaiah the prophet might be fulfilled , which he spake ,
1	for this cause they could not believe , for that isaiah said again ,
1	he hath blinded their eyes , and he hardened their heart ;
1	these things said isaiah , because he saw his glory ; and he spake of him .
1	for they loved the glory that is of men more than the glory that is of god .
1	and jesus cried and said , he that believeth on me , believeth not on me , but on him that sent me .
1	and he that beholdeth me beholdeth him that sent me .
1	i am come a light into the world , that whosoever believeth on me may not abide in the darkness .
1	and i know that his commandment is life eternal ; the things therefore which i speak , even as the father hath said unto me , so i speak .
1	and during supper , the devil having already put into the heart of judas iscariot , simon ’ s son , to betray him ,
1	jesus , knowing that the father had given all things into his hands , and that he came forth from god , and goeth unto god ,
1	riseth from supper , and layeth aside his garments ; and he took a towel , and girded himself .
1	then he poureth water into the basin , and began to wash the disciples ’ feet , and to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded .
1	so he cometh to simon peter . he saith unto him , lord , dost thou wash my feet ?
1	jesus answered and said unto him , what i do thou knowest not now ; but thou shalt understand hereafter .
1	peter saith unto him , thou shalt never wash my feet . jesus answered him , if i wash thee not , thou hast no part with me .
1	simon peter saith unto him , lord , not my feet only , but also my hands and my head .
1	for he knew him that should betray him ; therefore said he , ye are not all clean .
1	ye call me , teacher , and , lord : and ye say well ; for so i am .
1	if i then , the lord and the teacher , have washed your feet , ye also ought to wash one another ’ s feet .
1	for i have given you an example , that ye also should do as i have done to you .
1	verily , verily , i say unto you , a servant is not greater than his lord ; neither one that is sent greater than he that sent him .
1	if ye know these things , blessed are ye if ye do them .
1	from henceforth i tell you before it come to pass , that , when it is come to pass , ye may believe that i am he .
1	verily , verily , i say unto you , he that receiveth whomsoever i send receiveth me ; and he that receiveth me receiveth him that sent me .
1	the disciples looked one on another , doubting of whom he spake .
1	there was at the table reclining in jesus ’ bosom one of his disciples , whom jesus loved .
1	simon peter therefore beckoneth to him , and saith unto him , tell us who it is of whom he speaketh .
1	he leaning back , as he was , on jesus ’ breast saith unto him , lord , who is it ?
1	and after the sop , then entered satan into him . jesus therefore saith unto him , what thou doest , do quickly .
1	now no man at the table knew for what intent he spake this unto him .
1	he then having received the sop went out straightway : and it was night .
1	when therefore he was gone out , jesus saith , now is the son of man glorified , and god is glorified in him ;
1	and god shall glorify him in himself , and straightway shall he glorify him .
1	a new commandment i give unto you , that ye love one another ; even as i have loved you , that ye also love one another .
1	by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples , if ye have love one to another .
1	peter saith unto him , lord , why can not i follow thee even now ? i will lay down my life for thee .
1	let not your heart be troubled : believe in god , believe also in me .
1	and whither i go , ye know the way .
1	thomas saith unto him , lord , we know not whither thou goest ; how know we the way ?
1	jesus saith unto him , i am the way , and the truth , and the life : no one cometh unto the father , but by me .
1	if ye had known me , ye would have known my father also : from henceforth ye know him , and have seen him .
1	philip saith unto him , lord , show us the father , and it sufficeth us .
1	believe me that i am in the father , and the father in me : or else believe me for the very works ’ sake .
1	and whatsoever ye shall ask in my name , that will i do , that the father may be glorified in the son .
1	if ye shall ask anything in my name , that will i do .
1	if ye love me , ye will keep my commandments .
1	and i will pray the father , and he shall give you another comforter , that he may be with you for ever ,
1	i will not leave you desolate : i come unto you .
1	yet a little while , and the world beholdeth me no more ; but ye behold me : because i live , ye shall live also .
1	in that day ye shall know that i am in my father , and ye in me , and i in you .
1	judas ( not iscariot ) saith unto him , lord , what is come to pass that thou wilt manifest thyself unto us , and not unto the world ?
1	he that loveth me not keepeth not my words : and the word which ye hear is not mine , but the father ’ s who sent me .
1	these things have i spoken unto you , while yet abiding with you .
1	and now i have told you before it come to pass , that , when it is come to pass , ye may believe .
1	i will no more speak much with you , for the prince of the world cometh : and he hath nothing in me ;
1	i am the true vine , and my father is the husbandman .
1	already ye are clean because of the word which i have spoken unto you .
1	if ye abide in me , and my words abide in you , ask whatsoever ye will , and it shall be done unto you .
1	herein is my father glorified , that ye bear much fruit ; and so shall ye be my disciples .
1	even as the father hath loved me , i also have loved you : abide ye in my love .
1	if ye keep my commandments , ye shall abide in my love ; even as i have kept my father ’ s commandments , and abide in his love .
1	these things have i spoken unto you , that my joy may be in you , and that your joy may be made full .
1	this is my commandment , that ye love one another , even as i have loved you .
1	greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his life for his friends .
1	ye are my friends , if ye do the things which i command you .
1	these things i command you , that ye may love one another .
1	if the world hateth you , ye know that it hath hated me before it hated you .
1	but all these things will they do unto you for my name ’ s sake , because they know not him that sent me .
1	if i had not come and spoken unto them , they had not had sin : but now they have no excuse for their sin .
1	he that hateth me hateth my father also .
1	but this cometh to pass , that the word may be fulfilled that is written in their law , they hated me without a cause .
1	and ye also bear witness , because ye have been with me from the beginning .
1	these things have i spoken unto you , that ye should not be caused to stumble .
1	they shall put you out of the synagogues : yea , the hour cometh , that whosoever killeth you shall think that he offereth service unto god .
1	and these things will they do , because they have not known the father , nor me .
1	but now i go unto him that sent me ; and none of you asketh me , whither goest thou ?
1	but because i have spoken these things unto you , sorrow hath filled your heart .
1	and he , when he is come , will convict the world in respect of sin , and of righteousness , and of judgment :
1	of sin , because they believe not on me ;
1	of righteousness , because i go to the father , and ye behold me no more ;
1	of judgment , because the prince of this world hath been judged .
1	i have yet many things to say unto you , but ye can not bear them now .
1	he shall glorify me : for he shall take of mine , and shall declare it unto you .
1	all things whatsoever the father hath are mine : therefore said i , that he taketh of mine , and shall declare it unto you .
1	a little while , and ye behold me no more ; and again a little while , and ye shall see me .
1	they said therefore , what is this that he saith , a little while ? we know not what he saith .
1	and ye therefore now have sorrow : but i will see you again , and your heart shall rejoice , and your joy no one taketh away from you .
1	hitherto have ye asked nothing in my name : ask , and ye shall receive , that your joy may be made full .
1	in that day ye shall ask in my name : and i say not unto you , that i will pray the father for you ;
1	for the father himself loveth you , because ye have loved me , and have believed that i came forth from the father .
1	i came out from the father , and am come into the world : again , i leave the world , and go unto the father .
1	his disciples say , lo , now speakest thou plainly , and speakest no dark saying .
1	now know we that thou knowest all things , and needest not that any man should ask thee : by this we believe that thou camest forth from god .
1	jesus answered them , do ye now believe ?
1	even as thou gavest him authority over all flesh , that to all whom thou hast given him , he should give eternal life .
1	and this is life eternal , that they should know thee the only true god , and him whom thou didst send , even jesus christ .
1	i glorified thee on the earth , having accomplished the work which thou hast given me to do .
1	and now , father , glorify thou me with thine own self with the glory which i had with thee before the world was .
1	now they know that all things whatsoever thou hast given me are from thee :
1	i pray for them : i pray not for the world , but for those whom thou hast given me ; for they are thine :
1	and all things that are mine are thine , and thine are mine : and i am glorified in them .
1	but now i come to thee ; and these things i speak in the world , that they may have my joy made full in themselves .
1	i have given them thy word ; and the world hated them , because they are not of the world , even as i am not of the world .
1	i pray not that thou shouldest take them from the world , but that thou shouldest keep them from the evil one .
1	they are not of the world , even as i am not of the world .
1	sanctify them in the truth : thy word is truth .
1	as thou didst send me into the world , even so sent i them into the world .
1	and for their sakes i sanctify myself , that they themselves also may be sanctified in truth .
1	neither for these only do i pray , but for them also that believe on me through their word ;
1	and the glory which thou hast given me i have given unto them ; that they may be one , even as we are one ;
1	o righteous father , the world knew thee not , but i knew thee ; and these knew that thou didst send me ;
1	now judas also , who betrayed him , knew the place : for jesus oft-times resorted thither with his disciples .
1	judas then , having received the band of soldiers , and officers from the chief priests and the pharisees , cometh thither with lanterns and torches and weapons .
1	jesus therefore , knowing all the things that were coming upon him , went forth , and saith unto them , whom seek ye ?
1	they answered him , jesus of nazareth . jesus saith unto them , i am he . and judas also , who betrayed him , was standing with them .
1	when therefore he said unto them , i am he , they went backward , and fell to the ground .
1	again therefore he asked them , whom seek ye ? and they said , jesus of nazareth .
1	jesus answered , i told you that i am he ; if therefore ye seek me , let these go their way :
1	that the word might be fulfilled which he spake , of those whom thou hast given me i lost not one .
1	jesus therefore said unto peter , put up the sword into the sheath : the cup which the father hath given me , shall i not drink it ?
1	so the band and the chief captain , and the officers of the jews , seized jesus and bound him ,
1	and led him to annas first ; for he was father in law to caiaphas , who was high priest that year .
1	now caiaphas was he that gave counsel to the jews , that it was expedient that one man should die for the people .
1	the maid therefore that kept the door saith unto peter , art thou also one of this man ’ s disciples ? he saith , i am not .
1	the high priest therefore asked jesus of his disciples , and of his teaching .
1	why askest thou me ? ask them that have heard me , what i spake unto them : behold , these know the things which i said .
1	and when he had said this , one of the officers standing by struck jesus with his hand , saying , answerest thou the high priest so ?
1	jesus answered him , if i have spoken evil , bear witness of the evil : but if well , why smitest thou me ?
1	annas therefore sent him bound unto caiaphas the high priest .
1	peter therefore denied again : and straightway the cock crew .
1	pilate therefore went out unto them , and saith , what accusation bring ye against this man ?
1	they answered and said unto him , if this man were not an evil-doer , we should not have delivered him up unto thee .
1	that the word of jesus might be fulfilled , which he spake , signifying by what manner of death he should die .
1	pilate therefore entered again into the praetorium , and called jesus , and said unto him , art thou the king of the jews ?
1	jesus answered , sayest thou this of thyself , or did others tell it thee concerning me ?
1	pilate answered , am i a jew ? thine own nation and the chief priests delivered thee unto me : what hast thou done ?
1	pilate saith unto him , what is truth ?
1	they cried out therefore again , saying , not this man , but barabbas . now barabbas was a robber .
1	then pilate therefore took jesus , and scourged him .
1	and the soldiers platted a crown of thorns , and put it on his head , and arrayed him in a purple garment ;
1	and they came unto him , and said , hail , king of the jews ! and they struck him with their hands .
1	jesus therefore came out , wearing the crown of thorns and the purple garment . and pilate saith unto them , behold , the man !
1	the jews answered him , we have a law , and by that law he ought to die , because he made himself the son of god .
1	when pilate therefore heard this saying , he was the more afraid ;
1	and he entered into the praetorium again , and saith unto jesus , whence art thou ? but jesus gave him no answer .
1	pilate therefore saith unto him , speakest thou not unto me ? knowest thou not that i have power to release thee , and have power to crucify thee ?
1	now it was the preparation of the passover : it was about the sixth hour . and he saith unto the jews , behold , your king !
1	then therefore he delivered him unto them to be crucified .
1	where they crucified him , and with him two others , on either side one , and jesus in the midst .
1	and pilate wrote a title also , and put it on the cross . and there was written , jesus of nazareth , the king of the jews .
1	pilate answered , what i have written i have written .
1	when jesus therefore saw his mother , and the disciple standing by whom he loved , he saith unto his mother , woman , behold , thy son !
1	then saith he to the disciple , behold , thy mother ! and from that hour the disciple took her unto his own home .
1	after this jesus , knowing that all things are now finished , that the scripture might be accomplished , saith , i thirst .
1	there was set there a vessel full of vinegar : so they put a sponge full of the vinegar upon hyssop , and brought it to his mouth .
1	when jesus therefore had received the vinegar , he said , it is finished : and he bowed his head , and gave up his spirit .
1	the soldiers therefore came , and brake the legs of the first , and of the other that was crucified with him :
1	but when they came to jesus , and saw that he was dead already , they brake not his legs :
1	howbeit one of the soldiers with a spear pierced his side , and straightway there came out blood and water .
1	and he that hath seen hath borne witness , and his witness is true : and he knoweth that he saith true , that ye also may believe .
1	for these things came to pass , that the scripture might be fulfilled , a bone of him shall not be broken .
1	and again another scripture saith , they shall look on him whom they pierced .
1	and there came also nicodemus , he who at the first came to him by night , bringing a mixture of myrrh and aloes , about a hundred pounds .
1	so they took the body of jesus , and bound it in linen cloths with the spices , as the custom of the jews is to bury .
1	now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden ; and in the garden a new tomb wherein was never man yet laid .
1	there then because of the jews ’ preparation ( for the tomb was nigh at hand ) they laid jesus .
1	peter therefore went forth , and the other disciple , and they went toward the tomb .
1	and they ran both together : and the other disciple outran peter , and came first to the tomb ;
1	and stooping and looking in , he seeth the linen cloths lying ; yet entered he not in .
1	simon peter therefore also cometh , following him , and entered into the tomb ; and he beholdeth the linen cloths lying ,
1	and the napkin , that was upon his head , not lying with the linen cloths , but rolled up in a place by itself .
1	then entered in therefore the other disciple also , who came first to the tomb , and he saw , and believed .
1	for as yet they knew not the scripture , that he must rise again from the dead .
1	so the disciples went away again unto their own home .
1	but mary was standing without at the tomb weeping : so , as she wept , she stooped and looked into the tomb ;
1	and she beholdeth two angels in white sitting , one at the head , and one at the feet , where the body of jesus had lain .
1	when she had thus said , she turned herself back , and beholdeth jesus standing , and knew not that it was jesus .
1	jesus saith unto her , mary . she turneth herself , and saith unto him in hebrew , rabboni ; which is to say , teacher .
1	mary magdalene cometh and telleth the disciples , i have seen the lord ; and that he had said these things unto her .
1	and when he had said this , he showed unto them his hands and his side . the disciples therefore were glad , when they saw the lord .
1	jesus therefore said to them again , peace be unto you : as the father hath sent me , even so send i you .
1	and when he had said this , he breathed on them , and saith unto them , receive ye the holy spirit :
1	whose soever sins ye forgive , they are forgiven unto them ; whose soever sins ye retain , they are retained .
1	but thomas , one of the twelve , called didymus , was not with them when jesus came .
1	thomas answered and said unto him , my lord and my god .
1	jesus saith unto him , because thou hast seen me , thou hast believed : blessed are they that have not seen , and yet have believed .
1	many other signs therefore did jesus in the presence of the disciples , which are not written in this book :
1	after these things jesus manifested himself again to the disciples at the sea of tiberias ; and he manifested himself on this wise .
1	but when day was now breaking , jesus stood on the beach : yet the disciples knew not that it was jesus .
1	jesus therefore saith unto them , children , have ye aught to eat ? they answered him , no .
1	so when they got out upon the land , they see a fire of coals there , and fish laid thereon , and bread .
1	jesus saith unto them , bring of the fish which ye have now taken .
1	jesus cometh , and taketh the bread , and giveth them , and the fish likewise .
1	this is now the third time that jesus was manifested to the disciples , after that he was risen from the dead .
1	peter therefore seeing him saith to jesus , lord , and what shall this man do ?
1	jesus saith unto him , if i will that he tarry till i come , what is that to thee ? follow thou me .
1	this is the disciple that beareth witness of these things , and wrote these things : and we know that his witness is true .
1	now the word of jehovah came unto jonah the son of amittai , saying ,
1	arise , go to nineveh , that great city , and cry against it ; for their wickedness is come up before me .
1	nevertheless the men rowed hard to get them back to the land ; but they could not : for the sea grew more and more tempestuous against them .
1	so they took up jonah , and cast him forth into the sea ; and the sea ceased from its raging .
1	then the men feared jehovah exceedingly ; and they offered a sacrifice unto jehovah , and made vows .
1	and jehovah prepared a great fish to swallow up jonah ; and jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights .
1	then jonah prayed unto jehovah his god out of the fish ’ s belly .
1	for thou didst cast me into the depth , in the heart of the seas ,
1	and i said , i am cast out from before thine eyes ;
1	the waters compassed me about , even to the soul ;
1	i went down to the bottoms of the mountains ;
1	when my soul fainted within me , i remembered jehovah ;
1	they that regard lying vanities
1	but i will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving ;
1	and jehovah spake unto the fish , and it vomited out jonah upon the dry land .
1	and the word of jehovah came unto jonah the second time , saying ,
1	arise , go unto nineveh , that great city , and preach unto it the preaching that i bid thee .
1	so jonah arose , and went unto nineveh , according to the word of jehovah . now nineveh was an exceeding great city , of three days ’ journey .
1	who knoweth whether god will not turn and repent , and turn away from his fierce anger , that we perish not ?
1	but it displeased jonah exceedingly , and he was angry .
1	therefore now , o jehovah , take , i beseech thee , my life from me ; for it is better for me to die than to live .
1	and jehovah said , doest thou well to be angry ?
1	but god prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day , and it smote the gourd , that it withered .
1	every place that the sole of your foot shall tread upon , to you have i given it , as i spake unto moses .
1	be strong and of good courage ; for thou shalt cause this people to inherit the land which i sware unto their fathers to give them .
1	then joshua commanded the officers of the people , saying ,
1	and to the reubenites , and to the gadites , and to the half-tribe of manasseh , spake joshua , saying ,
1	remember the word which moses the servant of jehovah commanded you , saying , jehovah your god giveth you rest , and will give you this land .
1	and they answered joshua , saying , all that thou hast commanded us we will do , and whithersoever thou sendest us we will go .
1	and it was told the king of jericho , saying , behold , there came men in hither to-night of the children of israel to search out the land .
1	but she had brought them up to the roof , and hid them with the stalks of flax , which she had laid in order upon the roof .
1	and before they were laid down , she came up unto them upon the roof ;
1	then she let them down by a cord through the window : for her house was upon the side of the wall , and she dwelt upon the wall .
1	and the men said unto her , we will be guiltless of this thine oath which thou hast made us to swear .
1	but if thou utter this our business , then we shall be guiltless of thine oath which thou hast made us to swear .
1	and it came to pass after three days , that the officers went through the midst of the camp ;
1	and joshua said unto the people , sanctify yourselves ; for to-morrow jehovah will do wonders among you .
1	and joshua said unto the children of israel , come hither , and hear the words of jehovah your god .
1	behold , the ark of the covenant of the lord of all the earth passeth over before you into the jordan .
1	now therefore take you twelve men out of the tribes of israel , for every tribe a man .
1	and it came to pass , when all the nation were clean passed over the jordan , that jehovah spake unto joshua , saying ,
1	take you twelve men out of the people , out of every tribe a man ,
1	then joshua called the twelve men , whom he had prepared of the children of israel , out of every tribe a man :
1	that this may be a sign among you , that , when your children ask in time to come , saying , what mean ye by these stones ?
1	about forty thousand ready armed for war passed over before jehovah unto battle , to the plains of jericho .
1	on that day jehovah magnified joshua in the sight of all israel ; and they feared him , as they feared moses , all the days of his life .
1	and jehovah spake unto joshua , saying ,
1	command the priests that bear the ark of the testimony , that they come up out of the jordan .
1	joshua therefore commanded the priests , saying , come ye up out of the jordan .
1	and the people came up out of the jordan on the tenth day of the first month , and encamped in gilgal , on the east border of jericho .
1	and those twelve stones , which they took out of the jordan , did joshua set up in gilgal .
1	and he spake unto the children of israel , saying , when your children shall ask their fathers in time to come , saying , what mean these stones ?
1	then ye shall let your children know , saying , israel came over this jordan on dry land .
1	that all the peoples of the earth may know the hand of jehovah , that it is mighty ; that ye may fear jehovah your god for ever .
1	at that time jehovah said unto joshua , make thee knives of flint , and circumcise again the children of israel the second time .
1	and joshua made him knives of flint , and circumcised the children of israel at the hill of the foreskins .
1	and it came to pass , when they had done circumcising all the nation , that they abode in their places in the camp , till they were whole .
1	and the children of israel encamped in gilgal ; and they kept the passover on the fourteenth day of the month at even in the plains of jericho .
1	and they did eat of the produce of the land on the morrow after the passover , unleavened cakes and parched grain , in the selfsame day .
1	now jericho was straitly shut up because of the children of israel : none went out , and none came in .
1	and jehovah said unto joshua , see , i have given into thy hand jericho , and the king thereof , and the mighty men of valor .
1	and ye shall compass the city , all the men of war , going about the city once . thus shalt thou do six days .
1	and they said unto the people , pass on , and compass the city , and let the armed men pass on before the ark of jehovah .
1	and the armed men went before the priests that blew the trumpets , and the rearward went after the ark , the priests blowing the trumpets as they went .
1	so he caused the ark of jehovah to compass the city , going about it once : and they came into the camp , and lodged in the camp .
1	and joshua rose early in the morning , and the priests took up the ark of jehovah .
1	and the second day they compassed the city once , and returned into the camp : so they did six days .
1	but all the silver , and gold , and vessels of brass and iron , are holy unto jehovah : they shall come into the treasury of jehovah .
1	so jehovah was with joshua ; and his fame was in all the land .
1	so there went up thither of the people about three thousand men : and they fled before the men of ai .
1	oh , lord , what shall i say , after that israel hath turned their backs before their enemies !
1	and jehovah said unto joshua , get thee up ; wherefore art thou thus fallen upon thy face ?
1	so joshua rose up early in the morning , and brought israel near by their tribes ; and the tribe of judah was taken :
1	and achan answered joshua , and said , of a truth i have sinned against jehovah , the god of israel , and thus and thus have i done :
1	so joshua sent messengers , and they ran unto the tent ; and , behold , it was hid in his tent , and the silver under it .
1	and ye shall rise up from the ambush , and take possession of the city : for jehovah your god will deliver it into your hand .
1	and he took about five thousand men , and set them in ambush between beth-el and ai , on the west side of the city .
1	and joshua and all israel made as if they were beaten before them , and fled by the way of the wilderness .
1	and the king of ai they took alive , and brought him to joshua .
1	and all that fell that day , both of men and women , were twelve thousand , even all the men of ai .
1	for joshua drew not back his hand , wherewith he stretched out the javelin , until he had utterly destroyed all the inhabitants of ai .
1	only the cattle and the spoil of that city israel took for prey unto themselves , according unto the word of jehovah which he commanded joshua .
1	so joshua burnt ai , and made it a heap for ever , even a desolation , unto this day .
1	then joshua built an altar unto jehovah , the god of israel , in mount ebal ,
1	and he wrote there upon the stones a copy of the law of moses , which he wrote , in the presence of the children of israel .
1	and afterward he read all the words of the law , the blessing and the curse , according to all that is written in the book of the law .
1	that they gathered themselves together , to fight with joshua and with israel , with one accord .
1	but when the inhabitants of gibeon heard what joshua had done unto jericho and to ai ,
1	and old and patched shoes upon their feet , and old garments upon them ; and all the bread of their provision was dry and was become mouldy .
1	and the men of israel said unto the hivites , peradventure ye dwell among us ; and how shall we make a covenant with you ?
1	and they said unto joshua , we are thy servants . and joshua said unto them , who are ye ? and from whence come ye ?
1	and the men took of their provision , and asked not counsel at the mouth of jehovah .
1	and joshua made peace with them , and made a covenant with them , to let them live : and the princes of the congregation sware unto them .
1	this we will do to them , and let them live ; lest wrath be upon us , because of the oath which we sware unto them .
1	and now , behold , we are in thy hand : as it seemeth good and right unto thee to do unto us , do .
1	and so did he unto them , and delivered them out of the hand of the children of israel , that they slew them not .
1	come up unto me , and help me , and let us smite gibeon ; for it hath made peace with joshua and with the children of israel .
1	so joshua went up from gilgal , he , and all the people of war with him , and all the mighty men of valor .
1	and jehovah said unto joshua , fear them not : for i have delivered them into thy hands ; there shall not a man of them stand before thee .
1	joshua therefore came upon them suddenly ; for he went up from gilgal all the night .
1	then spake joshua to jehovah in the day when jehovah delivered up the amorites before the children of israel ; and he said in the sight of israel ,
1	and the sun stood still , and the moon stayed ,
1	and there was no day like that before it or after it , that jehovah hearkened unto the voice of a man : for jehovah fought for israel .
1	and joshua returned , and all israel with him , unto the camp to gilgal .
1	and these five kings fled , and hid themselves in the cave at makkedah .
1	and it was told joshua , saying , the five kings are found , hidden in the cave at makkedah .
1	and joshua said , roll great stones unto the mouth of the cave , and set men by it to keep them :
1	that all the people returned to the camp to joshua at makkedah in peace : none moved his tongue against any of the children of israel .
1	then said joshua , open the mouth of the cave , and bring forth those five kings unto me out of the cave .
1	and afterward joshua smote them , and put them to death , and hanged them on five trees : and they were hanging upon the trees until the evening .
1	and joshua passed from makkedah , and all israel with him , unto libnah , and fought against libnah :
1	and joshua passed from libnah , and all israel with him , unto lachish , and encamped against it , and fought against it :
1	then horam king of gezer came up to help lachish ; and joshua smote him and his people , until he had left him none remaining .
1	and joshua passed from lachish , and all israel with him , unto eglon ; and they encamped against it , and fought against it ;
1	and joshua went up from eglon , and all israel with him , unto hebron ; and they fought against it :
1	and joshua returned , and all israel with him , to debir , and fought against it :
1	and joshua smote them from kadesh-barnea even unto gaza , and all the country of goshen , even unto gibeon .
1	and all these kings and their land did joshua take at one time , because jehovah , the god of israel , fought for israel .
1	and joshua returned , and all israel with him , unto the camp to gilgal .
1	and all these kings met together ; and they came and encamped together at the waters of merom , to fight with israel .
1	so joshua came , and all the people of war with him , against them by the waters of merom suddenly , and fell upon them .
1	and joshua did unto them as jehovah bade him : he hocked their horses , and burnt their chariots with fire .
1	but as for the cities that stood on their mounds , israel burned none of them , save hazor only ; that did joshua burn .
1	as jehovah commanded moses his servant , so did moses command joshua : and so did joshua ; he left nothing undone of all that jehovah commanded moses .
1	joshua made war a long time with all those kings .
1	there was not a city that made peace with the children of israel , save the hivites the inhabitants of gibeon : they took all in battle .
1	and the border of og king of bashan , of the remnant of the rephaim , who dwelt at ashtaroth and at edrei ,
1	the king of jericho , one ; the king of ai , which is beside beth-el , one ;
1	the king of jerusalem , one ; the king of hebron , one ;
1	the king of jarmuth , one ; the king of lachish , one ;
1	the king of eglon , one ; the king of gezer , one ;
1	the king of debir , one ; the king of geder , one ;
1	the king of hormah , one ; the king of arad , one ;
1	the king of libnah , one ; the king of adullam , one ;
1	the king of makkedah , one ; the king of beth-el , one ;
1	the king of tappuah , one ; the king of hepher , one ;
1	the king of aphek , one ; the king of lassharon , one ;
1	the king of madon , one ; the king of hazor , one ;
1	the king of shimron-meron , one ; the king of achshaph , one ;
1	the king of taanach , one ; the king of megiddo , one ;
1	the king of kedesh , one ; the king of jokneam in carmel , one ;
1	the king of dor in the height of dor , one ; the king of goiim in gilgal , one ;
1	the king of tirzah , one : all the kings thirty and one .
1	this is the land that yet remaineth : all the regions of the philistines , and all the geshurites ;
1	on the south ; all the land of the canaanites , and mearah that belongeth to the sidonians , unto aphek , to the border of the amorites ;
1	and the land of the gebalites , and all lebanon , toward the sunrising , from baal-gad under mount hermon unto the entrance of hamath ;
1	now therefore divide this land for an inheritance unto the nine tribes , and the half-tribe of manasseh .
1	and all the cities of sihon king of the amorites , who reigned in heshbon , unto the border of the children of ammon ;
1	and gilead , and the border of the geshurites and maacathites , and all mount hermon , and all bashan unto salecah ;
1	nevertheless the children of israel drove not out the geshurites , nor the maacathites : but geshur and maacath dwell in the midst of israel unto this day .
1	and moses gave unto the tribe of the children of reuben according to their families .
1	heshbon , and all its cities that are in the plain ; dibon , and bamoth-baal , and beth-baal-meon ,
1	and jahaz , and kedemoth , and mephaath ,
1	and kiriathaim , and sibmah , and zereth-shahar in the mount of the valley ,
1	and beth-peor , and the slopes of pisgah , and beth-jeshimoth ,
1	balaam also the son of beor , the soothsayer , did the children of israel slay with the sword among the rest of their slain .
1	and moses gave unto the tribe of gad , unto the children of gad , according to their families .
1	and their border was jazer , and all the cities of gilead , and half the land of the children of ammon , unto aroer that is before rabbah ;
1	and from heshbon unto ramath-mizpeh , and betonim ; and from mahanaim unto the border of debir ;
1	this is the inheritance of the children of gad according to their families , the cities and the villages thereof .
1	and moses gave inheritance unto the half-tribe of manasseh : and it was for the half-tribe of the children of manasseh according to their families .
1	these are the inheritances which moses distributed in the plains of moab , beyond the jordan at jericho , eastward .
1	but unto the tribe of levi moses gave no inheritance : jehovah , the god of israel , is their inheritance , as he spake unto them .
1	by the lot of their inheritance , as jehovah commanded by moses , for the nine tribes , and for the half-tribe .
1	for moses had given the inheritance of the two tribes and the half-tribe beyond the jordan : but unto the levites he gave no inheritance among them .
1	as jehovah commanded moses , so the children of israel did ; and they divided the land .
1	nevertheless my brethren that went up with me made the heart of the people melt ; but i wholly followed jehovah my god .
1	and joshua blessed him ; and he gave hebron unto caleb the son of jephunneh for an inheritance .
1	therefore hebron became the inheritance of caleb the son of jephunneh the kenizzite unto this day ; because that he wholly followed jehovah , the god of israel .
1	now the name of hebron beforetime was kiriath-arba ; which arba was the greatest man among the anakim . and the land had rest from war .
1	and their south border was from the uttermost part of the salt sea , from the bay that looketh southward ;
1	and caleb drove out thence the three sons of anak : sheshai , and ahiman , and talmai , the children of anak .
1	and he went up thence against the inhabitants of debir : now the name of debir beforetime was kiriath-sepher .
1	and caleb said , he that smiteth kiriath-sepher , and taketh it , to him will i give achsah my daughter to wife .
1	and othniel the son of kenaz , the brother of caleb , took it : and he gave him achsah his daughter to wife .
1	this is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of judah according to their families .
1	and the uttermost cities of the tribe of the children of judah toward the border of edom in the south were kabzeel , and eder , and jagur ,
1	and kinah , and dimonah , and adadah ,
1	and kedesh , and hazor , and ithnan ,
1	ziph , and telem , and bealoth ,
1	and hazor-hadattah , and kerioth-hezron ( the same is hazor ) ,
1	amam , and shema , and moladah ,
1	and hazar-gaddah , and heshmon , and beth-pelet ,
1	and hazar-shual , and beer-sheba , and biziothiah ,
1	baalah , and iim , and ezem ,
1	and eltolad , and chesil , and hormah ,
1	and ziklag , and madmannah , and sansannah ,
1	and lebaoth , and shilhim , and ain , and rimmon : all the cities are twenty and nine , with their villages .
1	in the lowland , eshtaol , and zorah , and ashnah ,
1	and zanoah , and en-gannim , tappuah , and enam ,
1	jarmuth , and adullam , socoh , and azekah ,
1	and shaaraim , and adithaim , and gederah , and gederothaim ; fourteen cities with their villages .
1	zenan , and hadashah , and migdal-gad ,
1	and dilean , and mizpeh , and joktheel ,
1	lachish , and bozkath , and eglon ,
1	and cabbon , and lahmam , and chitlish ,
1	and gederoth , beth-dagon , and naamah , and makkedah ; sixteen cities with their villages .
1	libnah , and ether , and ashan ,
1	and iphtah , and ashnah , and nezib ,
1	and keilah , and achzib , and mareshah ; nine cities with their villages .
1	ekron , with its towns and its villages ;
1	from ekron even unto the sea , all that were by the side of ashdod , with their villages .
1	and in the hill-country , shamir , and jattir , and socoh ,
1	and dannah , and kiriath-sannah ( the same is debir ) ,
1	and anab , and eshtemoh , and anim ,
1	and goshen , and holon , and giloh ; eleven cities with their villages .
1	arab , and dumah , and eshan ,
1	and janim , and beth-tappuah , and aphekah ,
1	and humtah , and kiriath-arba ( the same is hebron ) , and zior ; nine cities with their villages .
1	maon , carmel , and ziph , and jutah ,
1	and jezreel , and jokdeam , and zanoah ,
1	kain , gibeah , and timnah ; ten cities with their villages .
1	halhul , beth-zur , and gedor ,
1	and maarath , and beth-anoth , and eltekon ; six cities with their villages .
1	kiriath-baal ( the same is kiriath-jearim ) , and rabbah ; two cities with their villages .
1	in the wilderness , beth-arabah , middin , and secacah ,
1	and nibshan , and the city of salt , and en-gedi ; six cities with their villages .
1	and it went out from beth-el to luz , and passed along unto the border of the archites to ataroth ;
1	and the children of joseph , manasseh and ephraim , took their inheritance .
1	and the border of the children of ephraim according to their families was thus : the border of their inheritance eastward was ataroth-addar , unto beth-horon the upper ;
1	and it went down from janoah to ataroth , and to naarah , and reached unto jericho , and went out at the jordan .
1	and there fell ten parts to manasseh , besides the land of gilead and bashan , which is beyond the jordan ;
1	because the daughters of manasseh had an inheritance among his sons . and the land of gilead belonged unto the rest of the sons of manasseh .
1	the land of tappuah belonged to manasseh ; but tappuah on the border of manasseh belonged to the children of ephraim .
1	yet the children of manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities ; but the canaanites would dwell in that land .
1	and there remained among the children of israel seven tribes , which had not yet divided their inheritance .
1	and joshua cast lots for them in shiloh before jehovah : and there joshua divided the land unto the children of israel according to their divisions .
1	and it passed along to the side over against the arabah northward , and went down unto the arabah ;
1	now the cities of the tribe of the children of benjamin according to their families were jericho , and beth-hoglah , and emek-keziz ,
1	and beth-arabah , and zemaraim , and beth-el ,
1	and avvim , and parah , and ophrah ,
1	and chephar-ammoni , and ophni , and geba ; twelve cities with their villages :
1	gibeon , and ramah , and beeroth ,
1	and mizpeh , and chephirah , and mozah ,
1	and rekem , and irpeel , and taralah ,
1	and they had for their inheritance beer-sheba , or sheba , and moladah ,
1	and hazar-shual , and balah , and ezem ,
1	and eltolad , and bethul , and hormah ,
1	and ziklag , and beth-marcaboth , and hazar-susah ,
1	and beth-lebaoth , and sharuhen ; thirteen cities with their villages :
1	ain , rimmon , and ether , and ashan ; four cities with their villages :
1	and the third lot came up for the children of zebulun according to their families . and the border of their inheritance was unto sarid ;
1	and their border went up westward , even to maralah , and reached to dabbesheth ; and it reached to the brook that is before jokneam ;
1	and it turned from sarid eastward toward the sunrising unto the border of chisloth-tabor ; and it went out to daberath , and went up to japhia ;
1	and from thence it passed along eastward to gath-hepher , to eth-kazin ; and it went out at rimmon which stretcheth unto neah ;
1	and the border turned about it on the north to hannathon ; and the goings out thereof were at the valley of iphtah-el ;
1	and kattath , and nahalal , and shimron , and idalah , and bethlehem : twelve cities with their villages .
1	this is the inheritance of the children of zebulun according to their families , these cities with their villages .
1	the fourth lot came out for issachar , even for the children of issachar according to their families .
1	and their border was unto jezreel , and chesulloth , and shunem ,
1	and hapharaim , and shion , and anaharath ,
1	and rabbith , and kishion , and ebez ,
1	and remeth , and engannim , and en-haddah , and beth-pazzez ,
1	this is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of issachar according to their families , the cities with their villages .
1	and the fifth lot came out for the tribe of the children of asher according to their families .
1	and their border was helkath , and hali , and beten , and achshaph ,
1	and allammelech , and amad , and mishal ; and it reached to carmel westward , and to shihor-libnath ;
1	and ebron , and rehob , and hammon , and kanah , even unto great sidon ;
1	ummah also , and aphek , and rehob : twenty and two cities with their villages .
1	this is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of asher according to their families , these cities with their villages .
1	the sixth lot came out for the children of naphtali , even for the children of naphtali according to their families .
1	and the fortified cities were ziddim , zer , and hammath , rakkath , and chinnereth ,
1	and adamah , and ramah , and hazor ,
1	and kedesh , and edrei , and en-hazor ,
1	and iron , and migdal-el , horem , and beth-anath , and beth-shemesh ; nineteen cities with their villages .
1	this is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of naphtali according to their families , the cities with their villages .
1	the seventh lot came out for the tribe of the children of dan according to their families .
1	and the border of their inheritance was zorah , and eshtaol , and ir-shemesh ,
1	and shaalabbin , and aijalon , and ithlah ,
1	and elon , and timnah , and ekron ,
1	and eltekeh , and gibbethon , and baalath ,
1	and jehud , and bene-berak , and gath-rimmon ,
1	and me-jarkon , and rakkon , with the border over against joppa .
1	this is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of dan according to their families , these cities with their villages .
1	and jehovah spake unto joshua , saying ,
1	speak to the children of israel , saying , assign you the cities of refuge , whereof i spake unto you by moses ,
1	that the manslayer that killeth any person unwittingly and unawares may flee thither : and they shall be unto you for a refuge from the avenger of blood .
1	and the children of israel gave unto the levites out of their inheritance , according to the commandment of jehovah , these cities with their suburbs .
1	and the children of israel gave by lot unto the levites these cities with their suburbs , as jehovah commanded by moses .
1	but the fields of the city , and the villages thereof , gave they to caleb the son of jephunneh for his possession .
1	and unto the children of aaron the priest they gave hebron with its suburbs , the city of refuge for the manslayer , and libnah with its suburbs ,
1	and jattir with its suburbs , and eshtemoa with its suburbs ,
1	and holon with its suburbs , and debir with its suburbs ,
1	and ain with its suburbs , and juttah with its suburbs , and beth-shemesh with its suburbs ; nine cities out of those two tribes .
1	and out of the tribe of benjamin , gibeon with its suburbs , geba with its suburbs ,
1	anathoth with its suburbs , and almon with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	all the cities of the children of aaron , the priests , were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
1	and they gave them shechem with its suburbs in the hill-country of ephraim , the city of refuge for the manslayer , and gezer with its suburbs ,
1	and kibzaim with its suburbs , and beth-horon with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	and out of the tribe of dan , elteke with its suburbs , gibbethon with its suburbs ,
1	aijalon with its suburbs , gath-rimmon with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	and out of the half-tribe of manasseh , taanach with its suburbs , and gath-rimmon with its suburbs ; two cities .
1	all the cities of the families of the rest of the children of kohath were ten with their suburbs .
1	and out of the tribe of issachar , kishion with its suburbs , daberath with its suburbs ,
1	jarmuth with its suburbs , en-gannim with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	and out of the tribe of asher , mishal with its suburbs , abdon with its suburbs ,
1	helkath with its suburbs , and rehob with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	all the cities of the gershonites according to their families were thirteen cities with their suburbs .
1	dimnah with its suburbs , nahalal with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	and out of the tribe of reuben , bezer with its suburbs , and jahaz with its suburbs ,
1	kedemoth with its suburbs , and mephaath with its suburbs ; four cities .
1	and out of the tribe of gad , ramoth in gilead with its suburbs , the city of refuge for the manslayer , and mahanaim with its suburbs ,
1	heshbon with its suburbs , jazer with its suburbs ; four cities in all .
1	all the cities of the levites in the midst of the possession of the children of israel were forty and eight cities with their suburbs .
1	these cities were every one with their suburbs round about them : thus it was with all these cities .
1	so jehovah gave unto israel all the land which he sware to give unto their fathers ; and they possessed it , and dwelt therein .
1	there failed not aught of any good thing which jehovah had spoken unto the house of israel ; all came to pass .
1	then joshua called the reubenites , and the gadites , and the half-tribe of manasseh ,
1	ye have not left your brethren these many days unto this day , but have kept the charge of the commandment of jehovah your god .
1	so joshua blessed them , and sent them away ; and they went unto their tents .
1	then the children of reuben and the children of gad and the half-tribe of manasseh answered , and spake unto the heads of the thousands of israel ,
1	therefore we said , let us now prepare to build us an altar , not for burnt-offering , nor for sacrifice :
1	but cleave unto jehovah your god , as ye have done unto this day .
1	for jehovah hath driven out from before you great nations and strong : but as for you , no man hath stood before you unto this day .
1	one man of you shall chase a thousand ; for jehovah your god , he it is that fighteth for you , as he spake unto you .
1	take good heed therefore unto yourselves , that ye love jehovah your god .
1	and i sent moses and aaron , and i plagued egypt , according to that which i did in the midst thereof : and afterward i brought you out .
1	but i would not hearken unto balaam ; therefore he blessed you still : so i delivered you out of his hand .
1	and the people answered and said , far be it from us that we should forsake jehovah , to serve other gods ;
1	and the people said unto joshua , nay ; but we will serve jehovah .
1	now therefore put away , said he , the foreign gods which are among you , and incline your heart unto jehovah , the god of israel .
1	and the people said unto joshua , jehovah our god will we serve , and unto his voice will we hearken .
1	so joshua made a covenant with the people that day , and set them a statute and an ordinance in shechem .
1	so joshua sent the people away , every man unto his inheritance .
1	and they buried him in the border of his inheritance in timnath-serah , which is in the hill-country of ephraim , on the north of the mountain of gaash .
1	and eleazar the son of aaron died ; and they buried him in the hill of phinehas his son , which was given him in the hill-country of ephraim .
1	mercy unto you and peace and love be multiplied .
1	yet in like manner these also in their dreamings defile the flesh , and set at nought dominion , and rail at dignities .
1	but these rail at whatsoever things they know not : and what they understand naturally , like the creatures without reason , in these things are they destroyed .
1	wild waves of the sea , foaming out their own shame ; wandering stars , for whom the blackness of darkness hath been reserved for ever .
1	and to these also enoch , the seventh from adam , prophesied , saying , behold , the lord came with ten thousands of his holy ones ,
1	these are murmurers , complainers , walking after their lusts ( and their mouth speaketh great swelling words ) , showing respect of persons for the sake of advantage .
1	but ye , beloved , remember ye the words which have been spoken before by the apostles of our lord jesus christ ;
1	that they said to you , in the last time there shall be mockers , walking after their own ungodly lusts .
1	these are they who make separations , sensual , having not the spirit .
1	but ye , beloved , building up yourselves on your most holy faith , praying in the holy spirit ,
1	keep yourselves in the love of god , looking for the mercy of our lord jesus christ unto eternal life .
1	and on some have mercy , who are in doubt ;
1	and some save , snatching them out of the fire ; and on some have mercy with fear ; hating even the garment spotted by the flesh .
1	now unto him that is able to guard you from stumbling , and to set you before the presence of his glory without blemish in exceeding joy ,
1	and jehovah said , judah shall go up : behold , i have delivered the land into his hand .
1	and judah went up ; and jehovah delivered the canaanites and the perizzites into their hand : and they smote of them in bezek ten thousand men .
1	and they found adoni-bezek in bezek ; and they fought against him , and they smote the canaanites and the perizzites .
1	but adoni-bezek fled ; and they pursued after him , and caught him , and cut off his thumbs and his great toes .
1	and the children of judah fought against jerusalem , and took it , and smote it with the edge of the sword , and set the city on fire .
1	and afterward the children of judah went down to fight against the canaanites that dwelt in the hill-country , and in the south , and in the lowland .
1	and from thence he went against the inhabitants of debir . ( now the name of debir beforetime was kiriath-sepher . )
1	and caleb said , he that smiteth kiriath-sepher , and taketh it , to him will i give achsah my daughter to wife .
1	and othniel the son of kenaz , caleb ’ s younger brother , took it : and he gave him achsah his daughter to wife .
1	also judah took gaza with the border thereof , and ashkelon with the border thereof , and ekron with the border thereof .
1	and they gave hebron unto caleb , as moses had spoken : and he drove out thence the three sons of anak .
1	and the children of benjamin did not drive out the jebusites that inhabited jerusalem ; but the jebusites dwell with the children of benjamin in jerusalem unto this day .
1	and the house of joseph , they also went up against beth-el ; and jehovah was with them .
1	and the house of joseph sent to spy out beth-el . ( now the name of the city beforetime was luz . )
1	and it came to pass , when israel was waxed strong , that they put the canaanites to taskwork , and did not utterly drive them out .
1	and ephraim drove not out the canaanites that dwelt in gezer ; but the canaanites dwelt in gezer among them .
1	zebulun drove not out the inhabitants of kitron , nor the inhabitants of nahalol ; but the canaanites dwelt among them , and became subject to taskwork .
1	but the asherites dwelt among the canaanites , the inhabitants of the land ; for they did not drive them out .
1	and the amorites forced the children of dan into the hill-country ; for they would not suffer them to come down to the valley ;
1	and the border of the amorites was from the ascent of akrabbim , from the rock , and upward .
1	and they called the name of that place bochim : and they sacrificed there unto jehovah .
1	now when joshua had sent the people away , the children of israel went every man unto his inheritance to possess the land .
1	and joshua the son of nun , the servant of jehovah , died , being a hundred and ten years old .
1	and they buried him in the border of his inheritance in timnath-heres , in the hill-country of ephraim , on the north of the mountain of gaash .
1	and the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of jehovah , and served the baalim ;
1	and they forsook jehovah , and served baal and the ashtaroth .
1	and jehovah raised up judges , who saved them out of the hand of those that despoiled them .
1	i also will not henceforth drive out any from before them of the nations that joshua left when he died ;
1	that by them i may prove israel , whether they will keep the way of jehovah to walk therein , as their fathers did keep it , or not .
1	so jehovah left those nations , without driving them out hastily ; neither delivered he them into the hand of joshua .
1	now these are the nations which jehovah left , to prove israel by them , even as many of israel as had not known all the wars of canaan ;
1	only that the generations of the children of israel might know , to teach them war , at the least such as beforetime knew nothing thereof :
1	and the children of israel dwelt among the canaanites , the hittites , and the amorites , and the perizzites , and the hivites , and the jebusites :
1	and they took their daughters to be their wives , and gave their own daughters to their sons and served their gods .
1	and the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of jehovah , and forgat jehovah their god , and served the baalim and the asheroth .
1	and the land had rest forty years . and othniel the son of kenaz died .
1	and he gathered unto him the children of ammon and amalek ; and he went and smote israel , and they possessed the city of palm-trees .
1	and the children of israel served eglon the king of moab eighteen years .
1	and ehud made him a sword which had two edges , a cubit in length ; and he girded it under his raiment upon his right thigh .
1	and he offered the tribute unto eglon king of moab : now eglon was a very fat man .
1	and when he had made an end of offering the tribute , he sent away the people that bare the tribute .
1	and ehud put forth his left hand , and took the sword from his right thigh , and thrust it into his body :
1	then ehud went forth into the porch , and shut the doors of the upper room upon him , and locked them .
1	and ehud escaped while they tarried , and passed beyond the quarries , and escaped unto seirah .
1	and they smote of moab at that time about ten thousand men , every lusty man , and every man of valor ; and there escaped not a man .
1	so moab was subdued that day under the hand of israel . and the land had rest fourscore years .
1	and after him was shamgar the son of anath , who smote of the philistines six hundred men with an ox-goad : and he also saved israel .
1	and the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of jehovah , when ehud was dead .
1	and the children of israel cried unto jehovah : for he had nine hundred chariots of iron ; and twenty years he mightily oppressed the children of israel .
1	now deborah , a prophetess , the wife of lappidoth , she judged israel at that time .
1	and she dwelt under the palm-tree of deborah between ramah and beth-el in the hill-country of ephraim : and the children of israel came up to her for judgment .
1	and barak called zebulun and naphtali together to kedesh ; and there went up ten thousand men at his feet : and deborah went up with him .
1	and they told sisera that barak the son of abinoam was gone up to mount tabor .
1	so god subdued on that day jabin the king of canaan before the children of israel .
1	and the hand of the children of israel prevailed more and more against jabin the king of canaan , until they had destroyed jabin king of canaan .
1	then sang deborah and barak the son of abinoam on that day , saying ,
1	for that the leaders took the lead in israel ,
1	hear , o ye kings ; give ear , o ye princes ;
1	jehovah , when thou wentest forth out of seir ,
1	the mountains quaked at the presence of jehovah ,
1	in the days of shamgar the son of anath ,
1	the rulers ceased in israel , they ceased ,
1	they chose new gods ;
1	my heart is toward the governors of israel ,
1	tell of it , ye that ride on white asses ,
1	far from the noise of archers , in the places of drawing water ,
1	awake , awake , deborah ;
1	then came down a remnant of the nobles and the people ;
1	out of ephraim came down they whose root is in amalek ;
1	and the princes of issachar were with deborah ;
1	why sattest thou among the sheepfolds ,
1	gilead abode beyond the jordan :
1	zebulun was a people that jeoparded their lives unto the death ,
1	the kings came and fought ;
1	from heaven fought the stars ,
1	the river kishon swept them away ,
1	then did the horsehoofs stamp
1	curse ye meroz , said the angel of jehovah .
1	blessed above women shall jael be ,
1	he asked water , and she gave him milk ;
1	she put her hand to the tent-pin ,
1	at her feet he bowed , he fell , he lay ;
1	through the window she looked forth , and cried ,
1	her wise ladies answered her ,
1	have they not found , have they not divided the spoil ?
1	so let all thine enemies perish , o jehovah :
1	and the children of israel did that which was evil in the sight of jehovah : and jehovah delivered them into the hand of midian seven years .
1	and israel was brought very low because of midian ; and the children of israel cried unto jehovah .
1	and it came to pass , when the children of israel cried unto jehovah because of midian ,
1	and the angel of jehovah appeared unto him , and said unto him , jehovah is with thee , thou mighty man of valor .
1	and jehovah looked upon him , and said , go in this thy might , and save israel from the hand of midian : have not i sent thee ?
1	and jehovah said unto him , surely i will be with thee , and thou shalt smite the midianites as one man .
1	and he said unto him , if now i have found favor in thy sight , then show me a sign that it is thou that talkest with me .
1	and jehovah said unto him , peace be unto thee ; fear not : thou shalt not die .
1	then gideon built an altar there unto jehovah , and called it jehovah-shalom : unto this day it is yet in ophrah of the abiezrites .
1	therefore on that day he called him jerubbaal , saying , let baal contend against him , because he hath broken down his altar .
1	then all the midianites and the amalekites and the children of the east assembled themselves together ; and they passed over , and encamped in the valley of jezreel .
1	but the spirit of jehovah came upon gideon ; and he blew a trumpet ; and abiezer was gathered together after him .
1	and gideon said unto god , if thou wilt save israel by my hand , as thou hast spoken ,
1	and god did so that night : for it was dry upon the fleece only , and there was dew on all the ground .
1	but if thou fear to go down , go thou with purah thy servant down to the camp :
1	and they stood every man in his place round about the camp ; and all the host ran ; and they shouted , and put them to flight .
1	and the men of israel were gathered together out of naphtali , and out of asher , and out of all manasseh , and pursued after midian .
1	and gideon came to the jordan , and passed over , he , and the three hundred men that were with him , faint , yet pursuing .
1	and the princes of succoth said , are the hands of zebah and zalmunna now in thy hand , that we should give bread unto thine army ?
1	and he spake also unto the men of penuel , saying , when i come again in peace , i will break down this tower .
1	and gideon the son of joash returned from the battle from the ascent of heres .
1	and he took the elders of the city , and thorns of the wilderness and briers , and with them he taught the men of succoth .
1	and he brake down the tower of penuel , and slew the men of the city .
1	and gideon said unto them , i will not rule over you , neither shall my son rule over you : jehovah shall rule over you .
1	and they answered , we will willingly give them . and they spread a garment , and did cast therein every man the ear-rings of his spoil .
1	and jerubbaal the son of joash went and dwelt in his own house .
1	and gideon had threescore and ten sons of his body begotten ; for he had many wives .
1	and his concubine that was in shechem , she also bare him a son , and he called his name abimelech .
1	and gideon the son of joash died in a good old age , and was buried in the sepulchre of joash his father , in ophrah of the abiezrites .
1	and the children of israel remembered not jehovah their god , who had delivered them out of the hand of all their enemies on every side ;
1	neither showed they kindness to the house of jerubbaal , who is gideon , according to all the goodness which he had showed unto israel .
1	and they gave him threescore and ten pieces of silver out of the house of baal-berith , wherewith abimelech hired vain and light fellows , who followed him .
1	the trees went forth on a time to anoint a king over them ; and they said unto the olive-tree , reign thou over us .
1	and the trees said to the fig-tree , come thou , and reign over us .
1	but the fig-tree said unto them , should i leave my sweetness , and my good fruit , and go to wave to and fro over the trees ?
1	and the trees said unto the vine , come thou , and reign over us .
1	then said all the trees unto the bramble , come thou , and reign over us .
1	( for my father fought for you , and adventured his life , and delivered you out of the hand of midian :
1	and jotham ran away , and fled , and went to beer , and dwelt there , for fear of abimelech his brother .
1	and abimelech was prince over israel three years .
1	and god sent an evil spirit between abimelech and the men of shechem ; and the men of shechem dealt treacherously with abimelech :
1	and gaal the son of ebed came with his brethren , and went over to shechem ; and the men of shechem put their trust in him .
1	and would that this people were under my hand ! then would i remove abimelech . and he said to abimelech , increase thine army , and come out .
1	and when zebul the ruler of the city heard the words of gaal the son of ebed , his anger was kindled .
1	now therefore , up by night , thou and the people that are with thee , and lie in wait in the field :
1	and abimelech rose up , and all the people that were with him , by night , and they laid wait against shechem in four companies .
1	and gaal went out before the men of shechem , and fought with abimelech .
1	and abimelech chased him , and he fled before him , and there fell many wounded , even unto the entrance of the gate .
1	and abimelech dwelt at arumah : and zebul drove out gaal and his brethren , that they should not dwell in shechem .
1	and it came to pass on the morrow , that the people went out into the field ; and they told abimelech .
1	and when all the men of the tower of shechem heard thereof , they entered into the stronghold of the house of elberith .
1	and it was told abimelech that all the men of the tower of shechem were gathered together .
1	then went abimelech to thebez , and encamped against thebez , and took it .
1	and abimelech came unto the tower , and fought against it , and drew near unto the door of the tower to burn it with fire .
1	and a certain woman cast an upper millstone upon abimelech ’ s head , and brake his skull .
1	and when the men of israel saw that abimelech was dead , they departed every man unto his place .
1	thus god requited the wickedness of abimelech , which he did unto his father , in slaying his seventy brethren ;
1	and all the wickedness of the men of shechem did god requite upon their heads : and upon them came the curse of jotham the son of jerubbaal .
1	and he judged israel twenty and three years , and died , and was buried in shamir .
1	and after him arose jair , the gileadite ; and he judged israel twenty and two years .
1	and jair died , and was buried in kamon .
1	yet ye have forsaken me , and served other gods : wherefore i will save you no more .
1	go and cry unto the gods which ye have chosen ; let them save you in the time of your distress .
1	and they put away the foreign gods from among them , and served jehovah ; and his soul was grieved for the misery of israel .
1	then the children of ammon were gathered together , and encamped in gilead . and the children of israel assembled themselves together , and encamped in mizpah .
1	now jephthah the gileadite was a mighty man of valor , and he was the son of a harlot : and gilead begat jephthah .
1	and it came to pass after a while , that the children of ammon made war against israel .
1	and they said unto jephthah , come and be our chief , that we may fight with the children of ammon .
1	and the elders of gilead said unto jephthah , jehovah shall be witness between us ; surely according to thy word so will we do .
1	and jephthah sent messengers again unto the king of the children of ammon ;
1	and he said unto him , thus saith jephthah : israel took not away the land of moab , nor the land of the children of ammon ;
1	but when they came up from egypt , and israel went through the wilderness unto the red sea , and came to kadesh ;
1	but sihon trusted not israel to pass through his border ; but sihon gathered all his people together , and encamped in jahaz , and fought against israel .
1	and they possessed all the border of the amorites , from the arnon even unto the jabbok , and from the wilderness even unto the jordan .
1	so now jehovah , the god of israel , hath dispossessed the amorites from before his people israel , and shouldest thou possess them ?
1	wilt not thou possess that which chemosh thy god giveth thee to possess ? so whomsoever jehovah our god hath dispossessed from before us , them will we possess .
1	howbeit the king of the children of ammon hearkened not unto the words of jephthah which he sent him .
1	and jephthah vowed a vow unto jehovah , and said , if thou wilt indeed deliver the children of ammon into my hand ,
1	so jephthah passed over unto the children of ammon to fight against them ; and jehovah delivered them into his hand .
1	that the daughters of israel went yearly to celebrate the daughter of jephthah the gileadite four days in a year .
1	and jephthah judged israel six years . then died jephthah the gileadite , and was buried in one of the cities of gilead .
1	and after him ibzan of beth-lehem judged israel .
1	and ibzan died , and was buried at beth-lehem .
1	and after him elon the zebulunite judged israel ; and he judged israel ten years .
1	and elon the zebulunite died , and was buried in aijalon in the land of zebulun .
1	and after him abdon the son of hillel the pirathonite judged israel .
1	and he had forty sons and thirty sons ’ sons , that rode on threescore and ten ass colts : and he judged israel eight years .
1	and abdon the son of hillel the pirathonite died , and was buried in pirathon in the land of ephraim , in the hill-country of the amalekites .
1	and the children of israel again did that which was evil in the sight of jehovah ; and jehovah delivered them into the hand of the philistines forty years .
1	now therefore beware , i pray thee , and drink no wine nor strong drink , and eat not any unclean thing :
1	and manoah said , now let thy words come to pass : what shall be the ordering of the child , and how shall we do unto him ?
1	and the angel of jehovah said unto manoah , of all that i said unto the woman let her beware .
1	and manoah said unto the angel of jehovah , i pray thee , let us detain thee , that we may make ready a kid for thee .
1	and manoah said unto the angel of jehovah , what is thy name , that , when thy words come to pass , we may do thee honor ?
1	and the angel of jehovah said unto him , wherefore askest thou after my name , seeing it is wonderful ?
1	but the angel of jehovah did no more appear to manoah or to his wife . then manoah knew that he was the angel of jehovah .
1	and manoah said unto his wife , we shall surely die , because we have seen god .
1	and the woman bare a son , and called his name samson : and the child grew , and jehovah blessed him .
1	and the spirit of jehovah began to move him in mahaneh-dan , between zorah and eshtaol .
1	and samson went down to timnah , and saw a woman in timnah of the daughters of the philistines .
1	and he went down , and talked with the woman , and she pleased samson well .
1	and his father went down unto the woman : and samson made there a feast ; for so used the young men to do .
1	and it came to pass , when they saw him , that they brought thirty companions to be with him .
1	and he said unto them ,
1	but samson ’ s wife was given to his companion , whom he had used as his friend .
1	and samson said unto them , this time shall i be blameless in regard of the philistines , when i do them a mischief .
1	and samson said unto them , if ye do after this manner , surely i will be avenged of you , and after that i will cease .
1	and he smote them hip and thigh with a great slaughter : and he went down and dwelt in the cleft of the rock of etam .
1	then the philistines went up , and encamped in judah , and spread themselves in lehi .
1	and he found a fresh jawbone of an ass , and put forth his hand , and took it , and smote a thousand men therewith .
1	and he judged israel in the days of the philistines twenty years .
1	and samson went to gaza , and saw there a harlot , and went in unto her .
1	and it came to pass afterward , that he loved a woman in the valley of sorek , whose name was delilah .
1	and delilah said to samson , tell me , i pray thee , wherein thy great strength lieth , and wherewith thou mightest be bound to afflict thee .
1	then the lords of the philistines brought up to her seven green withes which had not been dried , and she bound him with them .
1	and it came to pass , when she pressed him daily with her words , and urged him , that his soul was vexed unto death .
1	howbeit the hair of his head began to grow again after he was shaven .
1	and there was a man of the hill-country of ephraim , whose name was micah .
1	in those days there was no king in israel : every man did that which was right in his own eyes .
1	and there was a young man out of beth-lehem-judah , of the family of judah , who was a levite ; and he sojourned there .
1	and the levite was content to dwell with the man ; and the young man was unto him as one of his sons .
1	and micah consecrated the levite , and the young man became his priest , and was in the house of micah .
1	then said micah , now know i that jehovah will do me good , seeing i have a levite to my priest .
1	and he said unto them , thus and thus hath micah dealt with me , and he hath hired me , and i am become his priest .
1	and they said unto him , ask counsel , we pray thee , of god , that we may know whether our way which we go shall be prosperous .
1	and the priest said unto them , go in peace : before jehovah is your way wherein ye go .
1	and they came unto their brethren to zorah and eshtaol : and their brethren said unto them , what say ye ?
1	and there set forth from thence of the family of the danites , out of zorah and out of eshtaol , six hundred men girt with weapons of war .
1	and they passed thence unto the hill-country of ephraim , and came unto the house of micah .
1	and the six hundred men girt with their weapons of war , who were of the children of dan , stood by the entrance of the gate .
1	so they turned and departed , and put the little ones and the cattle and the goods before them .
1	and the children of dan went their way : and when micah saw that they were too strong for him , he turned and went back unto his house .
1	so they set them up micah ’ s graven image which he made , all the time that the house of god was in shiloh .
1	and the man rose up to depart ; but his father-in-law urged him , and he lodged there again .
1	and he said unto his servant , come and let us draw near to one of these places ; and we will lodge in gibeah , or in ramah .
1	so they passed on and went their way ; and the sun went down upon them near to gibeah , which belongeth to benjamin .
1	and the old man said , peace be unto thee ; howsoever let all thy wants lie upon me ; only lodge not in the street .
1	so he brought him into his house , and gave the asses fodder ; and they washed their feet , and did eat and drink .
1	behold , ye children of israel , all of you , give here your advice and counsel .
1	but now this is the thing which we will do to gibeah : we will go up against it by lot ;
1	so all the men of israel were gathered against the city , knit together as one man .
1	and the tribes of israel sent men through all the tribe of benjamin , saying , what wickedness is this that is come to pass among you ?
1	and the children of benjamin gathered themselves together out of the cities unto gibeah , to go out to battle against the children of israel .
1	among all this people there were seven hundred chosen men lefthanded ; every one could sling stones at a hair-breadth , and not miss .
1	and the men of israel , besides benjamin , were numbered four hundred thousand men that drew sword : all these were men of war .
1	and the children of israel rose up in the morning , and encamped against gibeah .
1	and the men of israel went out to battle against benjamin ; and the men of israel set the battle in array against them at gibeah .
1	and the children of benjamin came forth out of gibeah , and destroyed down to the ground of the israelites on that day twenty and two thousand men .
1	and the children of israel came near against the children of benjamin the second day .
1	and the children of israel asked of jehovah ( for the ark of the covenant of god was there in those days ,
1	and israel set liers-in-wait against gibeah round about .
1	and the children of israel went up against the children of benjamin on the third day , and set themselves in array against gibeah , as at other times .
1	and the liers-in-wait hasted , and rushed upon gibeah ; and the liers-in-wait drew themselves along , and smote all the city with the edge of the sword .
1	now the appointed sign between the men of israel and the liers-in-wait was , that they should make a great cloud of smoke rise up out of the city .
1	and the men of israel turned , and the men of benjamin were dismayed ; for they saw that evil was come upon them .
1	they inclosed the benjamites round about , and chased them , and trod them down at their resting-place , as far as over against gibeah toward the sunrising .
1	and there fell of benjamin eighteen thousand men ; all these were men of valor .
1	so that all who fell that day of benjamin were twenty and five thousand men that drew the sword ; all these were men of valor .
1	but six hundred men turned and fled toward the wilderness unto the rock of rimmon , and abode in the rock of rimmon four months .
1	now the men of israel had sworn in mizpah , saying , there shall not any of us give his daughter unto benjamin to wife .
1	and the people came to beth-el , and sat there till even before god , and lifted up their voices , and wept sore .
1	and it came to pass on the morrow , that the people rose early , and built there an altar , and offered burnt-offerings and peace-offerings .
1	and the children of israel repented them for benjamin their brother , and said , there is one tribe cut off from israel this day .
1	how shall we do for wives for them that remain , seeing we have sworn by jehovah that we will not give them of our daughters to wives ?
1	for when the people were numbered , behold , there were none of the inhabitants of jabesh-gilead there .
1	and this is the thing that ye shall do : ye shall utterly destroy every male , and every woman that hath lain by man .
1	and the whole congregation sent and spake to the children of benjamin that were in the rock of rimmon , and proclaimed peace unto them .
1	and the people repented them for benjamin , because that jehovah had made a breach in the tribes of israel .
1	then the elders of the congregation said , how shall we do for wives for them that remain , seeing the women are destroyed out of benjamin ?
1	and they said , there must be an inheritance for them that are escaped of benjamin , that a tribe be not blotted out from israel .
1	and they commanded the children of benjamin , saying , go and lie in wait in the vineyards ,
1	in those days there was no king in israel : every man did that which was right in his own eyes .
1	how doth the city sit solitary , that was full of people !
1	she weepeth sore in the night , and her tears are on her cheeks ;
1	judah is gone into captivity because of affliction , and because of great servitude ;
1	the ways of zion do mourn , because none come to the solemn assembly ;
1	her adversaries are become the head , her enemies prosper ;
1	and from the daughter of zion all her majesty is departed :
1	jerusalem remembereth in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that were from the days of old :
1	jerusalem hath grievously sinned ; therefore she is become as an unclean thing ;
1	her filthiness was in her skirts ; she remembered not her latter end ;
1	the adversary hath spread out his hand upon all her pleasant things :
1	all her people sigh , they seek bread ;
1	is it nothing to you , all ye that pass by ?
1	from on high hath he sent fire into my bones , and it prevaileth against them ;
1	the yoke of my transgressions is bound by his hand ;
1	the lord hath set at nought all my mighty men in the midst of me ;
1	for these things i weep ; mine eye , mine eye runneth down with water ;
1	zion spreadeth forth her hands ; there is none to comfort her ;
1	jehovah is righteous ; for i have rebelled against his commandment :
1	i called for my lovers , but they deceived me :
1	behold , o jehovah ; for i am in distress ; my heart is troubled ;
1	they have heard that i sigh ; there is none to comfort me ;
1	let all their wickedness come before thee ;
1	how hath the lord covered the daughter of zion with a cloud in his anger !
1	the lord hath swallowed up all the habitations of jacob , and hath not pitied :
1	he hath cut off in fierce anger all the horn of israel ;
1	he hath bent his bow like an enemy , he hath stood with his right hand as an adversary ,
1	the lord is become as an enemy , he hath swallowed up israel ;
1	and he hath violently taken away his tabernacle , as if it were of a garden ; he hath destroyed his place of assembly :
1	the lord hath cast off his altar , he hath abhorred his sanctuary ;
1	jehovah hath purposed to destroy the wall of the daughter of zion ;
1	her gates are sunk into the ground ; he hath destroyed and broken her bars :
1	the elders of the daughter of zion sit upon the ground , they keep silence ;
1	mine eyes do fail with tears , my heart is troubled ;
1	they say to their mothers , where is grain and wine ?
1	what shall i testify unto thee ? what shall i liken to thee , o daughter of jerusalem ?
1	thy prophets have seen for thee false and foolish visions ;
1	all that pass by clap their hands at thee ;
1	all thine enemies have opened their mouth wide against thee ;
1	jehovah hath done that which he purposed ; he hath fulfilled his word that he commanded in the days of old ;
1	their heart cried unto the lord :
1	arise , cry out in the night , at the beginning of the watches ;
1	see , o jehovah , and behold to whom thou hast done thus !
1	the youth and the old man lie on the ground in the streets ;
1	thou hast called , as in the day of a solemn assembly , my terrors on every side ;
1	i am the man that hath seen affliction by the rod of his wrath .
1	he hath led me and caused me to walk in darkness , and not in light .
1	surely against me he turneth his hand again and again all the day .
1	my flesh and my skin hath he made old ; he hath broken my bones .
1	he hath builded against me , and compassed me with gall and travail .
1	he hath made me to dwell in dark places , as those that have been long dead .
1	he hath walled me about , that i can not go forth ; he hath made my chain heavy .
1	yea , when i cry , and call for help , he shutteth out my prayer .
1	he hath walled up my ways with hewn stone ; he hath made my paths crooked .
1	he is unto me as a bear lying in wait , as a lion in secret places .
1	he hath turned aside my ways , and pulled me in pieces ; he hath made me desolate .
1	he hath bent his bow , and set me as a mark for the arrow .
1	he hath caused the shafts of his quiver to enter into my reins .
1	i am become a derision to all my people , and their song all the day .
1	he hath filled me with bitterness , he hath sated me with wormwood .
1	he hath also broken my teeth with gravel stones ; he hath covered me with ashes .
1	and thou hast removed my soul far off from peace ; i forgat prosperity .
1	and i said , my strength is perished , and mine expectation from jehovah .
1	remember mine affliction and my misery , the wormwood and the gall .
1	my soul hath them still in remembrance , and is bowed down within me .
1	this i recall to my mind ; therefore have i hope .
1	it is of jehovah ’ s lovingkindnesses that we are not consumed , because his compassions fail not .
1	they are new every morning ; great is thy faithfulness .
1	jehovah is my portion , saith my soul ; therefore will i hope in him .
1	jehovah is good unto them that wait for him , to the soul that seeketh him .
1	it is good that a man should hope and quietly wait for the salvation of jehovah .
1	it is good for a man that he bear the yoke in his youth .
1	let him sit alone and keep silence , because he hath laid it upon him .
1	let him put his mouth in the dust , if so be there may be hope .
1	let him give his cheek to him that smiteth him ; let him be filled full with reproach .
1	for the lord will not cast off for ever .
1	for though he cause grief , yet will he have compassion according to the multitude of his lovingkindnesses .
1	for he doth not afflict willingly , nor grieve the children of men .
1	to crush under foot all the prisoners of the earth ,
1	to turn aside the right of a man before the face of the most high ,
1	to subvert a man in his cause , the lord approveth not .
1	who is he that saith , and it cometh to pass , when the lord commandeth it not ?
1	out of the mouth of the most high cometh there not evil and good ?
1	wherefore doth a living man complain , a man for the punishment of his sins ?
1	let us search and try our ways , and turn again to jehovah .
1	let us lift up our heart with our hands unto god in the heavens .
1	we have transgressed and have rebelled ; thou hast not pardoned .
1	thou hast covered with anger and pursued us ; thou hast slain , thou hast not pitied .
1	thou hast covered thyself with a cloud , so that no prayer can pass through .
1	thou hast made us an offscouring and refuse in the midst of the peoples .
1	all our enemies have opened their mouth wide against us .
1	fear and the pit are come upon us , devastation and destruction .
1	mine eye runneth down with streams of water , for the destruction of the daughter of my people .
1	mine eye poureth down , and ceaseth not , without any intermission ,
1	till jehovah look down , and behold from heaven .
1	mine eye affecteth my soul , because of all the daughters of my city .
1	they have chased me sore like a bird , they that are mine enemies without cause .
1	they have cut off my life in the dungeon , and have cast a stone upon me .
1	waters flowed over my head ; i said , i am cut off .
1	i called upon thy name , o jehovah , out of the lowest dungeon .
1	thou heardest my voice ; hide not thine ear at my breathing , at my cry .
1	thou drewest near in the day that i called upon thee ; thou saidst , fear not .
1	o lord , thou hast pleaded the causes of my soul ; thou hast redeemed my life .
1	o jehovah , thou hast seen my wrong ; judge thou my cause .
1	thou hast seen all their vengeance and all their devices against me .
1	thou hast heard their reproach , o jehovah , and all their devices against me ,
1	the lips of those that rose up against me , and their device against me all the day .
1	behold thou their sitting down , and their rising up ; i am their song .
1	thou wilt render unto them a recompense , o jehovah , according to the work of their hands .
1	thou wilt give them hardness of heart , thy curse unto them .
1	thou wilt pursue them in anger , and destroy them from under the heavens of jehovah .
1	how is the gold become dim ! how is the most pure gold changed !
1	the precious sons of zion , comparable to fine gold ,
1	even the jackals draw out the breast , they give suck to their young ones :
1	the tongue of the sucking child cleaveth to the roof of his mouth for thirst :
1	they that did feed delicately are desolate in the streets :
1	for the iniquity of the daughter of my people is greater than the sin of sodom ,
1	her nobles were purer than snow , they were whiter than milk ;
1	their visage is blacker than a coal ; they are not known in the streets :
1	they that are slain with the sword are better than they that are slain with hunger ;
1	the hands of the pitiful women have boiled their own children ;
1	jehovah hath accomplished his wrath , he hath poured out his fierce anger ;
1	the kings of the earth believed not , neither all the inhabitants of the world ,
1	it is because of the sins of her prophets , and the iniquities of her priests ,
1	they wander as blind men in the streets , they are polluted with blood ,
1	depart ye , they cried unto them , unclean ! depart , depart , touch not !
1	the anger of jehovah hath scattered them ; he will no more regard them :
1	our eyes do yet fail in looking for our vain help :
1	they hunt our steps , so that we can not go in our streets :
1	our pursuers were swifter than the eagles of the heavens :
1	the breath of our nostrils , the anointed of jehovah , was taken in their pits ;
1	rejoice and be glad , o daughter of edom , that dwellest in the land of uz :
1	the punishment of thine iniquity is accomplished , o daughter of zion ; he will no more carry thee away into captivity :
1	remember , o jehovah , what is come upon us :
1	our inheritance is turned unto strangers ,
1	we are orphans and fatherless ;
1	we have drunken our water for money ;
1	our pursuers are upon our necks :
1	we have given the hand to the egyptians ,
1	our fathers sinned , and are not ;
1	servants rule over us :
1	we get our bread at the peril of our lives ,
1	our skin is black like an oven ,
1	they ravished the women in zion ,
1	princes were hanged up by their hand :
1	the young men bare the mill ;
1	the elders have ceased from the gate ,
1	the joy of our heart is ceased ;
1	the crown is fallen from our head :
1	for this our heart is faint ;
1	for the mountain of zion , which is desolate :
1	thou , o jehovah , abidest for ever ;
1	wherefore dost thou forget us for ever ,
1	turn thou us unto thee , o jehovah , and we shall be turned ;
1	but thou hast utterly rejected us ;
1	and jehovah called unto moses , and spake unto him out of the tent of meeting , saying ,
1	and he shall lay his hand upon the head of the burnt-offering ; and it shall be accepted for him to make atonement for him .
1	and he shall flay the burnt-offering , and cut it into its pieces .
1	and the sons of aaron the priest shall put fire upon the altar , and lay wood in order upon the fire ;
1	and if his oblation to jehovah be a burnt-offering of birds , then he shall offer his oblation of turtle-doves , or of young pigeons .
1	and he shall take away its crop with the filth thereof , and cast it beside the altar on the east part , in the place of the ashes :
1	and if thy oblation be a meal-offering of the baking-pan , it shall be of fine flour unleavened , mingled with oil .
1	thou shalt part it in pieces , and pour oil thereon : it is a meal-offering .
1	and if thy oblation be a meal-offering of the frying-pan , it shall be made of fine flour with oil .
1	as an oblation of first-fruits ye shall offer them unto jehovah : but they shall not come up for a sweet savor on the altar .
1	and thou shalt put oil upon it , and lay frankincense thereon : it is a meal-offering .
1	and if his oblation for a sacrifice of peace-offerings unto jehovah be of the flock ; male or female , he shall offer it without blemish .
1	if he offer a lamb for his oblation , then shall he offer it before jehovah ;
1	and the priest shall burn it upon the altar : it is the food of the offering made by fire unto jehovah .
1	and if his oblation be a goat , then he shall offer it before jehovah :
1	it shall be a perpetual statute throughout your generations in all your dwellings , that ye shall eat neither fat nor blood .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and the anointed priest shall take of the blood of the bullock , and bring it to the tent of meeting :
1	and the priest shall dip his finger in the blood , and sprinkle of the blood seven times before jehovah , before the veil of the sanctuary .
1	as it is taken off from the ox of the sacrifice of peace-offerings : and the priest shall burn them upon the altar of burnt-offering .
1	and the skin of the bullock , and all its flesh , with its head , and with its legs , and its inwards , and its dung ,
1	and the elders of the congregation shall lay their hands upon the head of the bullock before jehovah ; and the bullock shall be killed before jehovah .
1	and the anointed priest shall bring of the blood of the bullock to the tent of meeting :
1	and the priest shall dip his finger in the blood , and sprinkle it seven times before jehovah , before the veil .
1	and all the fat thereof shall he take off from it , and burn it upon the altar .
1	and he shall carry forth the bullock without the camp , and burn it as he burned the first bullock : it is the sin-offering for the assembly .
1	when a ruler sinneth , and doeth unwittingly any one of all the things which jehovah his god hath commanded not to be done , and is guilty ;
1	if his sin , wherein he hath sinned , be made known to him , he shall bring for his oblation a goat , a male without blemish .
1	and if any one of the common people sin unwittingly , in doing any of the things which jehovah hath commanded not to be done , and be guilty ;
1	and he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin-offering , and kill the sin-offering in the place of burnt-offering .
1	and if he bring a lamb as his oblation for a sin-offering , he shall bring it a female without blemish .
1	and he shall lay his hand upon the head of the sin-offering , and kill it for a sin-offering in the place where they kill the burnt-offering .
1	and it shall be , when he shall be guilty in one of these things , that he shall confess that wherein he hath sinned :
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	it is a trespass-offering : he is certainly guilty before jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and the priest shall make atonement for him before jehovah ; and he shall be forgiven concerning whatsoever he doeth so as to be guilty thereby .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and he shall put off his garments , and put on other garments , and carry forth the ashes without the camp unto a clean place .
1	fire shall be kept burning upon the altar continually ; it shall not go out .
1	and this is the law of the meal-offering : the sons of aaron shall offer it before jehovah , before the altar .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and every meal-offering of the priest shall be wholly burnt : it shall not be eaten .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	the priest that offereth it for sin shall eat it : in a holy place shall it be eaten , in the court of the tent of meeting .
1	every male among the priests shall eat thereof : it is most holy .
1	and this is the law of the trespass-offering : it is most holy .
1	in the place where they kill the burnt-offering shall they kill the trespass-offering ; and the blood thereof shall he sprinkle upon the altar round about .
1	and he shall offer of it all the fat thereof : the fat tail , and the fat that covereth the inwards ,
1	and the priest shall burn them upon the altar for an offering made by fire unto jehovah : it is a trespass-offering .
1	every male among the priests shall eat thereof : it shall be eaten in a holy place : it is most holy .
1	as is the sin-offering , so is the trespass-offering ; there is one law for them : the priest that maketh atonement therewith , he shall have it .
1	and the priest that offereth any man ’ s burnt-offering , even the priest shall have to himself the skin of the burnt-offering which he hath offered .
1	and every meal-offering , mingled with oil , or dry , shall all the sons of aaron have , one as well as another .
1	and this is the law of the sacrifice of peace-offerings , which one shall offer unto jehovah .
1	with cakes of leavened bread he shall offer his oblation with the sacrifice of his peace-offerings for thanksgiving .
1	but that which remaineth of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day shall be burnt with fire .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	speak unto the children of israel , saying , ye shall eat no fat , of ox , or sheep , or goat .
1	and ye shall eat no manner of blood , whether it be of bird or of beast , in any of your dwellings .
1	whosoever it be that eateth any blood , that soul shall be cut off from his people .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and the priest shall burn the fat upon the altar ; but the breast shall be aaron ’ s and his sons ’ .
1	and the right thigh shall ye give unto the priest for a heave-offering out of the sacrifices of your peace-offerings .
1	he among the sons of aaron that offereth the blood of the peace-offerings , and the fat , shall have the right thigh for a portion .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and assemble thou all the congregation at the door of the tent of meeting .
1	and moses did as jehovah commanded him ; and the congregation was assembled at the door of the tent of meeting .
1	and moses said unto the congregation , this is the thing which jehovah hath commanded to be done .
1	and moses brought aaron and his sons , and washed them with water .
1	and he placed the breastplate upon him : and in the breastplate he put the urim and the thummim .
1	and moses took the anointing oil , and anointed the tabernacle and all that was therein , and sanctified them .
1	and he sprinkled thereof upon the altar seven times , and anointed the altar and all its vessels , and the laver and its base , to sanctify them .
1	and he poured of the anointing oil upon aaron ’ s head , and anointed him , to sanctify him .
1	and he brought the bullock of the sin-offering : and aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the bullock of the sin-offering .
1	but the bullock , and its skin , and its flesh , and its dung , he burnt with fire without the camp ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and he presented the ram of the burnt-offering : and aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram .
1	and he killed it ; and moses sprinkled the blood upon the altar round about .
1	and he cut the ram into its pieces ; and moses burnt the head , and the pieces , and the fat .
1	and he presented the other ram , the ram of consecration : and aaron and his sons laid their hands upon the head of the ram .
1	and he put the whole upon the hands of aaron , and upon the hands of his sons , and waved them for a wave-offering before jehovah .
1	and that which remaineth of the flesh and of the bread shall ye burn with fire .
1	as hath been done this day , so jehovah hath commanded to do , to make atonement for you .
1	and aaron and his sons did all the things which jehovah commanded by moses .
1	and it came to pass on the eighth day , that moses called aaron and his sons , and the elders of israel ;
1	and an ox and a ram for peace-offerings , to sacrifice before jehovah ; and a meal-offering mingled with oil : for to-day jehovah appeareth unto you .
1	and they brought that which moses commanded before the tent of meeting : and all the congregation drew near and stood before jehovah .
1	and moses said , this is the thing which jehovah commanded that ye should do : and the glory of jehovah shall appear unto you .
1	so aaron drew near unto the altar , and slew the calf of the sin-offering , which was for himself .
1	but the fat , and the kidneys , and the caul from the liver of the sin-offering , he burnt upon the altar ; as jehovah commanded moses .
1	and the flesh and the skin he burnt with fire without the camp .
1	and he slew the burnt-offering ; and aaron ’ s sons delivered unto him the blood , and he sprinkled it upon the altar round about .
1	and they delivered the burnt-offering unto him , piece by piece , and the head : and he burnt them upon the altar .
1	and he washed the inwards and the legs , and burnt them upon the burnt-offering on the altar .
1	and he presented the burnt-offering , and offered it according to the ordinance .
1	and he presented the meal-offering , and filled his hand therefrom , and burnt it upon the altar , besides the burnt-offering of the morning .
1	and they put the fat upon the breasts , and he burnt the fat upon the altar :
1	and the breasts and the right thigh aaron waved for a wave-offering before jehovah ; as moses commanded .
1	and there came forth fire from before jehovah , and devoured them , and they died before jehovah .
1	so they drew near , and carried them in their coats out of the camp , as moses had said .
1	and jehovah spake unto aaron , saying ,
1	and that ye may make a distinction between the holy and the common , and between the unclean and the clean ;
1	and that ye may teach the children of israel all the statutes which jehovah hath spoken unto them by moses .
1	behold , the blood of it was not brought into the sanctuary within : ye should certainly have eaten it in the sanctuary , as i commanded .
1	and when moses heard that , it was well-pleasing in his sight .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses and to aaron , saying unto them ,
1	speak unto the children of israel , saying , these are the living things which ye may eat among all the beasts that are on the earth .
1	whatsoever parteth the hoof , and is clovenfooted , and cheweth the cud , among the beasts , that may ye eat .
1	and the coney , because he cheweth the cud but parteth not the hoof , he is unclean unto you .
1	and the hare , because she cheweth the cud but parteth not the hoof , she is unclean unto you .
1	and the swine , because he parteth the hoof , and is clovenfooted , but cheweth not the cud , he is unclean unto you .
1	of their flesh ye shall not eat , and their carcasses ye shall not touch ; they are unclean unto you .
1	and they shall be an abomination unto you ; ye shall not eat of their flesh , and their carcasses ye shall have in abomination .
1	whatsoever hath no fins nor scales in the waters , that is an abomination unto you .
1	and the kite , and the falcon after its kind ,
1	every raven after its kind ,
1	and the ostrich , and the night-hawk , and the sea-mew , and the hawk after its kind ,
1	and the little owl , and the cormorant , and the great owl ,
1	and the horned owl , and the pelican , and the vulture ,
1	and the stork , the heron after its kind , and the hoopoe , and the bat .
1	all winged creeping things that go upon all fours are an abomination unto you .
1	yet these may ye eat of all winged creeping things that go upon all fours , which have legs above their feet , wherewith to leap upon the earth .
1	but all winged creeping things , which have four feet , are an abomination unto you .
1	and by these ye shall become unclean : whosoever toucheth the carcass of them shall be unclean until the even ;
1	and whosoever beareth aught of the carcass of them shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even .
1	and he that beareth the carcass of them shall wash his clothes , and be unclean until the even : they are unclean unto you .
1	and the gecko , and the land-crocodile , and the lizard , and the sand-lizard , and the chameleon .
1	these are they which are unclean to you among all that creep : whosoever doth touch them , when they are dead , shall be unclean until the even .
1	and every earthen vessel , whereinto any of them falleth , whatsoever is in it shall be unclean , and it ye shall break .
1	nevertheless a fountain or a pit wherein is a gathering of water shall be clean : but that which toucheth their carcass shall be unclean .
1	and if aught of their carcass fall upon any sowing seed which is to be sown , it is clean .
1	but if water be put upon the seed , and aught of their carcass fall thereon , it is unclean unto you .
1	and if any beast , of which ye may eat , die ; he that toucheth the carcass thereof shall be unclean until the even .
1	and every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth is an abomination ; it shall not be eaten .
1	ye shall not make yourselves abominable with any creeping thing that creepeth , neither shall ye make yourselves unclean with them , that ye should be defiled thereby .
1	to make a distinction between the unclean and the clean , and between the living thing that may be eaten and the living thing that may not be eaten .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and in the eighth day the flesh of his foreskin shall be circumcised .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses and unto aaron , saying ,
1	when the plague of leprosy is in a man , then he shall be brought unto the priest ;
1	but whensoever raw flesh appeareth in him , he shall be unclean .
1	and the priest shall look on the raw flesh , and pronounce him unclean : the raw flesh is unclean : it is leprosy .
1	or if the raw flesh turn again , and be changed unto white , then he shall come unto the priest ;
1	and when the flesh hath in the skin thereof a boil , and it is healed ,
1	and in the place of the boil there is a white rising , or a bright spot , reddish-white , then it shall be showed to the priest ;
1	and if it spread abroad in the skin , then the priest shall pronounce him unclean : it is a plague .
1	and when a man or woman hath a plague upon the head or upon the beard ,
1	then he shall be shaven , but the scall shall he not shave ; and the priest shall shut up him that hath the scall seven days more :
1	but if the scall spread abroad in the skin after his cleansing ,
1	and when a man or a woman hath in the skin of the flesh bright spots , even white bright spots ;
1	and if a man ’ s hair be fallen off his head , he is bald ; yet is he clean .
1	and if his hair be fallen off from the front part of his head , he is forehead bald ; yet is he clean .
1	he is a leprous man , he is unclean : the priest shall surely pronounce him unclean ; his plague is in his head .
1	the garment also that the plague of leprosy is in , whether it be a woollen garment , or a linen garment ;
1	whether it be in warp , or woof ; of linen , or of woollen ; whether in a skin , or in anything made of skin ;
1	and the priest shall look upon the plague , and shut up that which hath the plague seven days :
1	then the priest shall command that they wash the thing wherein the plague is , and he shall shut it up seven days more :
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	this shall be the law of the leper in the day of his cleansing : he shall be brought unto the priest :
1	then shall the priest command to take for him that is to be cleansed two living clean birds , and cedar wood , and scarlet , and hyssop :
1	and the priest shall command to kill one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water .
1	and the priest shall take of the log of oil , and pour it into the palm of his own left hand ;
1	and the priest shall offer the burnt-offering and the meal-offering upon the altar : and the priest shall make atonement for him , and he shall be clean .
1	and on the eighth day he shall bring them for his cleansing unto the priest , unto the door of the tent of meeting , before jehovah :
1	and the priest shall take the lamb of the trespass-offering , and the log of oil , and the priest shall wave them for a wave-offering before jehovah .
1	and the priest shall pour of the oil into the palm of his own left hand ;
1	and the priest shall sprinkle with his right finger some of the oil that is in his left hand seven times before jehovah :
1	and he shall offer one of the turtle-doves , or of the young pigeons , such as he is able to get ,
1	this is the law of him in whom is the plague of leprosy , who is not able to get that which pertaineth to his cleansing .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses and unto aaron , saying ,
1	then he that owneth the house shall come and tell the priest , saying , there seemeth to me to be as it were a plague in the house .
1	then the priest shall go out of the house to the door of the house , and shut up the house seven days .
1	and the priest shall come again the seventh day , and shall look ; and , behold , if the plague be spread in the walls of the house ;
1	then the priest shall command that they take out the stones in which the plague is , and cast them into an unclean place without the city :
1	and they shall take other stones , and put them in the place of those stones ; and he shall take other mortar , and shall plaster the house .
1	moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even .
1	and he that lieth in the house shall wash his clothes ; and he that eateth in the house shall wash his clothes .
1	and he shall take to cleanse the house two birds , and cedar-wood , and scarlet , and hyssop :
1	and he shall kill one of the birds in an earthen vessel over running water :
1	this is the law for all manner of plague of leprosy , and for a scall ,
1	and for the leprosy of a garment , and for a house ,
1	and for a rising , and for a scab , and for a bright spot ;
1	to teach when it is unclean , and when it is clean : this is the law of leprosy .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses and to aaron , saying ,
1	every bed whereon he that hath the issue lieth shall be unclean ; and everything whereon he sitteth shall be unclean .
1	and whosoever toucheth his bed shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
1	and he that toucheth the flesh of him that hath the issue shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
1	and what saddle soever he that hath the issue rideth upon shall be unclean .
1	and the earthen vessel , which he that hath the issue toucheth , shall be broken ; and every vessel of wood shall be rinsed in water .
1	and every garment , and every skin , whereon is the seed of copulation , shall be washed with water , and be unclean until the even .
1	the woman also with whom a man shall lie with seed of copulation , they shall both bathe themselves in water , and be unclean until the even .
1	and everything that she lieth upon in her impurity shall be unclean : everything also that she sitteth upon shall be unclean .
1	and whosoever toucheth her bed shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
1	and whosoever toucheth anything that she sitteth upon shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
1	and if it be on the bed , or on anything whereon she sitteth , when he toucheth it , he shall be unclean until the even .
1	and whosoever toucheth those things shall be unclean , and shall wash his clothes , and bathe himself in water , and be unclean until the even .
1	but if she be cleansed of her issue , then she shall number to herself seven days , and after that she shall be clean .
1	this is the law of him that hath an issue , and of him whose seed of copulation goeth from him , so that he is unclean thereby ;
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , after the death of the two sons of aaron , when they drew near before jehovah , and died ;
1	herewith shall aaron come into the holy place : with a young bullock for a sin-offering , and a ram for a burnt-offering .
1	and he shall take of the congregation of the children of israel two he-goats for a sin-offering , and one ram for a burnt-offering .
1	and aaron shall present the bullock of the sin-offering , which is for himself , and make atonement for himself , and for his house .
1	and he shall take the two goats , and set them before jehovah at the door of the tent of meeting .
1	and aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats ; one lot for jehovah , and the other lot for azazel .
1	and aaron shall present the goat upon which the lot fell for jehovah , and offer him for a sin-offering .
1	and the goat shall bear upon him all their iniquities unto a solitary land : and he shall let go the goat in the wilderness .
1	and the fat of the sin-offering shall he burn upon the altar .
1	and he that letteth go the goat for azazel shall wash his clothes , and bathe his flesh in water , and afterward he shall come into the camp .
1	and he that burneth them shall wash his clothes , and bathe his flesh in water , and afterward he shall come into the camp .
1	for on this day shall atonement be made for you , to cleanse you ; from all your sins shall ye be clean before jehovah .
1	it is a sabbath of solemn rest unto you , and ye shall afflict your souls ; it is a statute for ever .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and bringeth it not unto the door of the tent of meeting , to sacrifice it unto jehovah ; that man shall be cut off from his people .
1	therefore i said unto the children of israel , no soul of you shall eat blood , neither shall any stranger that sojourneth among you eat blood .
1	but if he wash them not , nor bathe his flesh , then he shall bear his iniquity .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	speak unto the children of israel , and say unto them , i am jehovah your god .
1	mine ordinances shall ye do , and my statutes shall ye keep , to walk therein : i am jehovah your god .
1	ye shall therefore keep my statutes , and mine ordinances ; which if a man do , he shall live in them : i am jehovah .
1	none of you shall approach to any that are near of kin to him , to uncover their nakedness : i am jehovah .
1	the nakedness of thy father , even the nakedness of thy mother , shalt thou not uncover : she is thy mother ; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness .
1	the nakedness of thy father ’ s wife shalt thou not uncover ; it is thy father ’ s nakedness .
1	the nakedness of thy father ’ s wife ’ s daughter , begotten of thy father , she is thy sister , thou shalt not uncover her nakedness .
1	thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father ’ s sister : she is thy father ’ s near kinswoman .
1	thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy mother ’ s sister : for she is thy mother ’ s near kinswoman .
1	thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy father ’ s brother , thou shalt not approach to his wife : she is thine aunt .
1	thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy daughter-in-law : she is thy son ’ s wife ; thou shalt not uncover her nakedness .
1	thou shalt not uncover the nakedness of thy brother ’ s wife : it is thy brother ’ s nakedness .
1	and thou shalt not take a wife to her sister , to be a rival to her , to uncover her nakedness , besides the other in her life-time .
1	and thou shalt not approach unto a woman to uncover her nakedness , as long as she is impure by her uncleanness .
1	and thou shalt not lie carnally with thy neighbor ’ s wife , to defile thyself with her .
1	thou shalt not lie with mankind , as with womankind : it is abomination .
1	defile not ye yourselves in any of these things : for in all these the nations are defiled which i cast out from before you ;
1	and the land is defiled : therefore i do visit the iniquity thereof upon it , and the land vomiteth out her inhabitants .
1	ye therefore shall keep my statutes and mine ordinances , and shall not do any of these abominations ; neither the home-born , nor the stranger that sojourneth among you
1	( for all these abominations have the men of the land done , that were before you , and the land is defiled ) ;
1	that the land vomit not you out also , when ye defile it , as it vomited out the nation that was before you .
1	for whosoever shall do any of these abominations , even the souls that do them shall be cut off from among their people .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	speak unto all the congregation of the children of israel , and say unto them , ye shall be holy ; for i jehovah your god am holy .
1	ye shall fear every man his mother , and his father ; and ye shall keep my sabbaths : i am jehovah your god .
1	turn ye not unto idols , nor make to yourselves molten gods : i am jehovah your god .
1	and when ye offer a sacrifice of peace-offerings unto jehovah , ye shall offer it that ye may be accepted .
1	and if it be eaten at all on the third day , it is an abomination ; it shall not be accepted :
1	ye shall not steal ; neither shall ye deal falsely , nor lie one to another .
1	and ye shall not swear by my name falsely , and profane the name of thy god : i am jehovah .
1	thou shalt not oppress thy neighbor , nor rob him : the wages of a hired servant shall not abide with thee all night until the morning .
1	thou shalt not curse the deaf , nor put a stumblingblock before the blind ; but thou shalt fear thy god : i am jehovah .
1	thou shalt not go up and down as a talebearer among thy people : neither shalt thou stand against the blood of thy neighbor : i am jehovah .
1	thou shalt not hate thy brother in thy heart : thou shalt surely rebuke thy neighbor , and not bear sin because of him .
1	thou shalt not take vengeance , nor bear any grudge against the children of thy people ; but thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself : i am jehovah .
1	and he shall bring his trespass-offering unto jehovah , unto the door of the tent of meeting , even a ram for a trespass-offering .
1	but in the fourth year all the fruit thereof shall be holy , for giving praise unto jehovah .
1	and in the fifth year shall ye eat of the fruit thereof , that it may yield unto you the increase thereof : i am jehovah your god .
1	ye shall not eat anything with the blood : neither shall ye use enchantments , nor practise augury .
1	ye shall not round the corners of your heads , neither shalt thou mar the corners of thy beard .
1	ye shall not make any cuttings in your flesh for the dead , nor print any marks upon you : i am jehovah .
1	profane not thy daughter , to make her a harlot ; lest the land fall to whoredom , and the land become full of wickedness .
1	ye shall keep my sabbaths , and reverence my sanctuary : i am jehovah .
1	thou shalt rise up before the hoary head , and honor the face of the old man , and thou shalt fear thy god : i am jehovah .
1	and if a stranger sojourn with thee in your land , ye shall not do him wrong .
1	ye shall do no unrighteousness in judgment , in measures of length , of weight , or of quantity .
1	and ye shall observe all my statutes , and all mine ordinances , and do them : i am jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	sanctify yourselves therefore , and be ye holy ; for i am jehovah your god .
1	and ye shall keep my statutes , and do them : i am jehovah who sanctifieth you .
1	and if a man lie with a beast , he shall surely be put to death : and ye shall slay the beast .
1	and if a man shall take his brother ’ s wife , it is impurity : he hath uncovered his brother ’ s nakedness ; they shall be childless .
1	and for his sister a virgin , that is near unto him , that hath had no husband ; for her may he defile himself .
1	he shall not defile himself , being a chief man among his people , to profane himself .
1	they shall not make baldness upon their head , neither shall they shave off the corner of their beard , nor make any cuttings in their flesh .
1	and the daughter of any priest , if she profane herself by playing the harlot , she profaneth her father : she shall be burnt with fire .
1	neither shall he go in to any dead body , nor defile himself for his father , or for his mother ;
1	and he shall take a wife in her virginity .
1	and he shall not profane his seed among his people : for i am jehovah who sanctifieth him .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	or a man that is broken-footed , or broken-handed ,
1	or crook-backed , or a dwarf , or that hath a blemish in his eye , or is scurvy , or scabbed , or hath his stones broken ;
1	he shall eat the bread of his god , both of the most holy , and of the holy :
1	so moses spake unto aaron , and to his sons , and unto all the children of israel .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	or whosoever toucheth any creeping thing , whereby he may be made unclean , or a man of whom he may take uncleanness , whatsoever uncleanness he hath ;
1	the soul that toucheth any such shall be unclean until the even , and shall not eat of the holy things , unless he bathe his flesh in water .
1	and when the sun is down , he shall be clean ; and afterward he shall eat of the holy things , because it is his bread .
1	that which dieth of itself , or is torn of beasts , he shall not eat , to defile himself therewith : i am jehovah .
1	they shall therefore keep my charge , lest they bear sin for it , and die therein , if they profane it : i am jehovah who sanctifieth them .
1	and if a priest ’ s daughter be married unto a stranger , she shall not eat of the heave-offering of the holy things .
1	and they shall not profane the holy things of the children of israel , which they offer unto jehovah ,
1	and so cause them to bear the iniquity that bringeth guilt , when they eat their holy things : for i am jehovah who sanctifieth them .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	that ye may be accepted , ye shall offer a male without blemish , of the bullocks , of the sheep , or of the goats .
1	but whatsoever hath a blemish , that shall ye not offer : for it shall not be acceptable for you .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and whether it be cow or ewe , ye shall not kill it and its young both in one day .
1	and when ye sacrifice a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto jehovah , ye shall sacrifice it that ye may be accepted .
1	on the same day it shall be eaten ; ye shall leave none of it until the morning : i am jehovah .
1	therefore shall ye keep my commandments , and do them : i am jehovah .
1	and ye shall not profane my holy name ; but i will be hallowed among the children of israel : i am jehovah who halloweth you ,
1	who brought you out of the land of egypt , to be your god : i am jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	these are the set feasts of jehovah , even holy convocations , which ye shall proclaim in their appointed season .
1	in the first month , on the fourteenth day of the month at even , is jehovah ’ s passover .
1	and on the fifteenth day of the same month is the feast of unleavened bread unto jehovah : seven days ye shall eat unleavened bread .
1	in the first day ye shall have a holy convocation : ye shall do no servile work .
1	but ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto jehovah seven days : in the seventh day is a holy convocation ; ye shall do no servile work .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and he shall wave the sheaf before jehovah , to be accepted for you : on the morrow after the sabbath the priest shall wave it .
1	and in the day when ye wave the sheaf , ye shall offer a he-lamb without blemish a year old for a burnt-offering unto jehovah .
1	even unto the morrow after the seventh sabbath shall ye number fifty days ; and ye shall offer a new meal-offering unto jehovah .
1	and ye shall offer one he-goat for a sin-offering , and two he-lambs a year old for a sacrifice of peace-offerings .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	ye shall do no servile work ; and ye shall offer an offering made by fire unto jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	for whatsoever soul it be that shall not be afflicted in that same day ; he shall be cut off from his people .
1	and whatsoever soul it be that doeth any manner of work in that same day , that soul will i destroy from among his people .
1	ye shall do no manner of work : it is a statute for ever throughout your generations in all your dwellings .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	speak unto the children of israel , saying , on the fifteenth day of this seventh month is the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto jehovah .
1	on the first day shall be a holy convocation : ye shall do no servile work .
1	besides the sabbaths of jehovah , and besides your gifts , and besides all your vows , and besides all your freewill-offerings , which ye give unto jehovah .
1	ye shall dwell in booths seven days ; all that are home-born in israel shall dwell in booths ;
1	and moses declared unto the children of israel the set feasts of jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	command the children of israel , that they bring unto thee pure olive oil beaten for the light , to cause a lamp to burn continually .
1	he shall keep in order the lamps upon the pure candlestick before jehovah continually .
1	and thou shalt take fine flour , and bake twelve cakes thereof : two tenth parts of an ephah shall be in one cake .
1	and thou shalt set them in two rows , six on a row , upon the pure table before jehovah .
1	and thou shalt put pure frankincense upon each row , that it may be to the bread for a memorial , even an offering made by fire unto jehovah .
1	every sabbath day he shall set it in order before jehovah continually ; it is on the behalf of the children of israel , an everlasting covenant .
1	and they put him in ward , that it might be declared unto them at the mouth of jehovah .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	and thou shalt speak unto the children of israel , saying , whosoever curseth his god shall bear his sin .
1	and he that smiteth any man mortally shall surely be put to death .
1	and he that smiteth a beast mortally shall make it good , life for life .
1	and if a man cause a blemish in his neighbor ; as he hath done , so shall it be done to him :
1	breach for breach , eye for eye , tooth for tooth ; as he hath caused a blemish in a man , so shall it be rendered unto him .
1	and he that killeth a beast shall make it good : and he that killeth a man shall be put to death .
1	ye shall have one manner of law , as well for the sojourner , as for the home-born : for i am jehovah your god .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses in mount sinai , saying ,
1	six years thou shalt sow thy field , and six years thou shalt prune thy vineyard , and gather in the fruits thereof ;
1	and for thy cattle , and for the beasts that are in thy land , shall all the increase thereof be for food .
1	for it is a jubilee ; it shall be holy unto you : ye shall eat the increase thereof out of the field .
1	in this year of jubilee ye shall return every man unto his possession .
1	and if thou sell aught unto thy neighbor , or buy of thy neighbor ’ s hand , ye shall not wrong one another .
1	and ye shall not wrong one another ; but thou shalt fear thy god : for i am jehovah your god .
1	wherefore ye shall do my statutes , and keep mine ordinances and do them ; and ye shall dwell in the land in safety .
1	and the land shall yield its fruit , and ye shall eat your fill , and dwell therein in safety .
1	and if ye shall say , what shall we eat the seventh year ? behold , we shall not sow , nor gather in our increase ;
1	then i will command my blessing upon you in the sixth year , and it shall bring forth fruit for the three years .
1	and the land shall not be sold in perpetuity ; for the land is mine : for ye are strangers and sojourners with me .
1	and in all the land of your possession ye shall grant a redemption for the land .
1	and if a man have no one to redeem it , and he be waxed rich and find sufficient to redeem it ;
1	nevertheless the cities of the levites , the houses of the cities of their possession , may the levites redeem at any time .
1	but the field of the suburbs of their cities may not be sold ; for it is their perpetual possession .
1	take thou no interest of him or increase , but fear thy god ; that thy brother may live with thee .
1	thou shalt not give him thy money upon interest , nor give him thy victuals for increase .
1	and if thy brother be waxed poor with thee , and sell himself unto thee ; thou shalt not make him to serve as a bondservant .
1	as a hired servant , and as a sojourner , he shall be with thee ; he shall serve with thee unto the year of jubilee :
1	for they are my servants , whom i brought forth out of the land of egypt : they shall not be sold as bondmen .
1	thou shalt not rule over him with rigor , but shalt fear thy god .
1	after that he is sold he may be redeemed : one of his brethren may redeem him ;
1	if there be yet many years , according unto them he shall give back the price of his redemption out of the money that he was bought for .
1	as a servant hired year by year shall he be with him : he shall not rule with rigor over him in thy sight .
1	and if he be not redeemed by these means , then he shall go out in the year of jubilee , he , and his children with him .
1	ye shall keep my sabbaths , and reverence my sanctuary : i am jehovah .
1	if ye walk in my statutes , and keep my commandments , and do them ;
1	then i will give your rains in their season , and the land shall yield its increase , and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit .
1	and ye shall chase your enemies , and they shall fall before you by the sword .
1	and five of you shall chase a hundred , and a hundred of you shall chase ten thousand ; and your enemies shall fall before you by the sword .
1	and i will have respect unto you , and make you fruitful , and multiply you , and will establish my covenant with you .
1	and ye shall eat old store long kept , and ye shall bring forth the old because of the new .
1	and i will set my tabernacle among you : and my soul shall not abhor you .
1	and i will walk among you , and will be your god , and ye shall be my people .
1	but if ye will not hearken unto me , and will not do all these commandments ;
1	and if ye will not yet for these things hearken unto me , then i will chastise you seven times more for your sins .
1	and i will break the pride of your power : and i will make your heaven as iron , and your earth as brass ;
1	and your strength shall be spent in vain ; for your land shall not yield its increase , neither shall the trees of the land yield their fruit .
1	and if ye walk contrary unto me , and will not hearken unto me , i will bring seven times more plagues upon you according to your sins .
1	and if by these things ye will not be reformed unto me , but will walk contrary unto me ;
1	then will i also walk contrary unto you ; and i will smite you , even i , seven times for your sins .
1	and if ye will not for all this hearken unto me , but walk contrary unto me ;
1	then i will walk contrary unto you in wrath ; and i also will chastise you seven times for your sins .
1	and ye shall eat the flesh of your sons , and the flesh of your daughters shall ye eat .
1	and i will make your cities a waste , and will bring your sanctuaries unto desolation , and i will not smell the savor of your sweet odors .
1	and i will bring the land into desolation ; and your enemies that dwell therein shall be astonished at it .
1	as long as it lieth desolate it shall have rest , even the rest which it had not in your sabbaths , when ye dwelt upon it .
1	and ye shall perish among the nations , and the land of your enemies shall eat you up .
1	these are the statutes and ordinances and laws , which jehovah made between him and the children of israel in mount sinai by moses .
1	and jehovah spake unto moses , saying ,
1	speak unto the children of israel , and say unto them , when a man shall accomplish a vow , the persons shall be for jehovah by thy estimation .
1	and if it be a female , then thy estimation shall be thirty shekels .
1	and if it be a beast , whereof men offer an oblation unto jehovah , all that any man giveth of such unto jehovah shall be holy .
1	and if it be any unclean beast , of which they do not offer an oblation unto jehovah , then he shall set the beast before the priest ;
1	and the priest shall value it , whether it be good or bad : as thou the priest valuest it , so shall it be .
1	but if he will indeed redeem it , then he shall add the fifth part thereof unto thy estimation .
1	if he sanctify his field from the year of jubilee , according to thy estimation it shall stand .
1	and if he will not redeem the field , or if he have sold the field to another man , it shall not be redeemed any more :
1	and if he sanctify unto jehovah a field which he hath bought , which is not of the field of his possession ;
1	in the year of jubilee the field shall return unto him of whom it was bought , even to him to whom the possession of the land belongeth .
1	and all thy estimations shall be according to the shekel of the sanctuary : twenty gerahs shall be the shekel .
1	no one devoted , that shall be devoted from among men , shall be ransomed ; he shall surely be put to death .
1	and if a man will redeem aught of his tithe , he shall add unto it the fifth part thereof .
1	and all the tithe of the herd or the flock , whatsoever passeth under the rod , the tenth shall be holy unto jehovah .
1	these are the commandments , which jehovah commanded moses for the children of israel in mount sinai .
1	forasmuch as many have taken in hand to draw up a narrative concerning those matters which have been fulfilled among us ,
1	even as they delivered them unto us , who from the beginning were eyewitnesses and ministers of the word ,
1	it seemed good to me also , having traced the course of all things accurately from the first , to write unto thee in order , most excellent theophilus ;
1	that thou mightest know the certainty concerning the things wherein thou wast instructed .
1	and they were both righteous before god , walking in all the commandments and ordinances of the lord blameless .
1	and they had no child , because that elisabeth was barren , and they both were now well stricken in years .
1	now it came to pass , while he executed the priest ’ s office before god in the order of his course ,
1	according to the custom of the priest ’ s office , his lot was to enter into the temple of the lord and burn incense .
1	and the whole multitude of the people were praying without at the hour of incense .
1	and there appeared unto him an angel of the lord standing on the right side of the altar of incense .
1	and zacharias was troubled when he saw him , and fear fell upon him .
1	and thou shalt have joy and gladness ; and many shall rejoice at his birth .
1	and many of the children of israel shall he turn unto the lord their god .
1	and zacharias said unto the angel , whereby shall i know this ? for i am an old man , and my wife well stricken in years .
1	and the people were waiting for zacharias , and they marvelled while he tarried in the temple .
1	and it came to pass , when the days of his ministration were fulfilled , he departed unto his house .
1	and after these days elisabeth his wife conceived ; and she hid herself five months , saying ,
1	thus hath the lord done unto me in the days wherein he looked upon me , to take away my reproach among men .
1	now in the sixth month the angel gabriel was sent from god unto a city of galilee , named nazareth ,
1	to a virgin betrothed to a man whose name was joseph , of the house of david ; and the virgin ’ s name was mary .
1	and he came in unto her , and said , hail , thou that art highly favored , the lord is with thee .
1	but she was greatly troubled at the saying , and cast in her mind what manner of salutation this might be .
1	and the angel said unto her , fear not , mary : for thou hast found favor with god .
1	and behold , thou shalt conceive in thy womb , and bring forth a son , and shalt call his name jesus .
1	and he shall reign over the house of jacob for ever ; and of his kingdom there shall be no end .
1	and mary said unto the angel , how shall this be , seeing i know not a man ?
1	for no word from god shall be void of power .
1	and mary said , behold , the handmaid of the lord ; be it unto me according to thy word . and the angel departed from her .
1	and mary arose in these days and went into the hill country with haste , into a city of judah ;
1	and entered into the house of zacharias and saluted elisabeth .
1	and it came to pass , when elisabeth heard the salutation of mary , the babe leaped in her womb ; and elisabeth was filled with the holy spirit ;
1	and she lifted up her voice with a loud cry , and said , blessed art thou among women , and blessed is the fruit of thy womb .
1	and whence is this to me , that the mother of my lord should come unto me ?
1	for behold , when the voice of thy salutation came into mine ears , the babe leaped in my womb for joy .
1	and blessed is she that believed ; for there shall be a fulfilment of the things which have been spoken to her from the lord .
1	and my spirit hath rejoiced in god my saviour .
1	for he hath looked upon the low estate of his handmaid :
1	for he that is mighty hath done to me great things ;
1	and his mercy is unto generations and generations
1	he hath showed strength with his arm ;
1	he hath put down princes from their thrones ,
1	the hungry he hath filled with good things ;
1	he hath given help to israel his servant ,
1	( as he spake unto our fathers )
1	and mary abode with her about three months , and returned unto her house .
1	now elisabeth ’ s time was fulfilled that she should be delivered ; and she brought forth a son .
1	and her neighbors and her kinsfolk heard that the lord had magnified his mercy towards her ; and they rejoiced with her .
1	and his mother answered and said , not so ; but he shall be called john .
1	and they said unto her , there is none of thy kindred that is called by this name .
1	and they made signs to his father , what he would have him called .
1	and he asked for a writing tablet , and wrote , saying , his name is john . and they marvelled all .
1	and his mouth was opened immediately , and his tongue loosed , and he spake , blessing god .
1	and fear came on all that dwelt round about them : and all these sayings were noised abroad throughout all the hill country of judaea .
1	and his father zacharias was filled with the holy spirit , and prophesied , saying ,
1	blessed be the lord , the god of israel ;
1	and hath raised up a horn of salvation for us
1	( as he spake by the mouth of his holy prophets that have been from of old ) ,
1	salvation from our enemies , and from the hand of all that hate us ;
1	to show mercy towards our fathers ,
1	the oath which he sware unto abraham our father ,
1	to grant unto us that we being delivered out of the hand of our enemies
1	in holiness and righteousness before him all our days .
1	yea and thou , child , shalt be called the prophet of the most high :
1	to give knowledge of salvation unto his people
1	because of the tender mercy of our god ,
1	to shine upon them that sit in darkness and the shadow of death ;
1	and the child grew , and waxed strong in spirit , and was in the deserts till the day of his showing unto israel .
1	now it came to pass in those days , there went out a decree from caesar augustus , that all the world should be enrolled .
1	this was the first enrolment made when quirinius was governor of syria .
1	and all went to enrol themselves , every one to his own city .
1	to enrol himself with mary , who was betrothed to him , being great with child .
1	and it came to pass , while they were there , the days were fulfilled that she should be delivered .
1	and there were shepherds in the same country abiding in the field , and keeping watch by night over their flock .
1	and an angel of the lord stood by them , and the glory of the lord shone round about them : and they were sore afraid .
1	and the angel said unto them , be not afraid ; for behold , i bring you good tidings of great joy which shall be to all the people :
1	for there is born to you this day in the city of david a saviour , who is christ the lord .
1	and this is the sign unto you : ye shall find a babe wrapped in swaddling clothes , and lying in a manger .
1	and suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising god , and saying ,
1	glory to god in the highest ,
1	and they came with haste , and found both mary and joseph , and the babe lying in the manger .
1	and when they saw it , they made known concerning the saying which was spoken to them about this child .
1	and all that heard it wondered at the things which were spoken unto them by the shepherds .
1	but mary kept all these sayings , pondering them in her heart .
1	and the shepherds returned , glorifying and praising god for all the things that they had heard and seen , even as it was spoken unto them .
1	and when the days of their purification according to the law of moses were fulfilled , they brought him up to jerusalem , to present him to the lord
1	( as it is written in the law of the lord , every male that openeth the womb shall be called holy to the lord ) ,
1	and to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the lord , a pair of turtledoves , or two young pigeons .
1	and it had been revealed unto him by the holy spirit , that he should not see death , before he had seen the lord ’ s christ .
1	then he received him into his arms , and blessed god , and said ,
1	now lettest thou thy servant depart , lord ,
1	for mine eyes have seen thy salvation ,
1	which thou hast prepared before the face of all peoples ;
1	a light for revelation to the gentiles ,
1	and his father and his mother were marvelling at the things which were spoken concerning him ;
1	yea and a sword shall pierce through thine own soul ; that thoughts out of many hearts may be revealed .
1	and she had been a widow even unto fourscore and four years ) , who departed not from the temple , worshipping with fastings and supplications night and day .
1	and coming up at that very hour she gave thanks unto god , and spake of him to all them that were looking for the redemption of jerusalem .
1	and when they had accomplished all things that were according to the law of the lord , they returned into galilee , to their own city nazareth .
1	and the child grew , and waxed strong , filled with wisdom : and the grace of god was upon him .
1	and his parents went every year to jerusalem at the feast of the passover .
1	and when he was twelve years old , they went up after the custom of the feast ;
1	and when they had fulfilled the days , as they were returning , the boy jesus tarried behind in jerusalem ; and his parents knew it not ;
1	but supposing him to be in the company , they went a day ’ s journey ; and they sought for him among their kinsfolk and acquaintance :
1	and when they found him not , they returned to jerusalem , seeking for him .
1	and all that heard him were amazed at his understanding and his answers .
1	and he said unto them , how is it that ye sought me ? knew ye not that i must be in my father ’ s house ?
1	and they understood not the saying which he spake unto them .
1	and he went down with them , and came to nazareth ; and he was subject unto them : and his mother kept all these sayings in her heart .
1	and jesus advanced in wisdom and stature , and in favor with god and men .
1	in the high-priesthood of annas and caiaphas , the word of god came unto john the son of zacharias in the wilderness .
1	and he came into all the region round about the jordan , preaching the baptism of repentance unto remission of sins ;
1	as it is written in the book of the words of isaiah the prophet ,
1	every valley shall be filled ,
1	and all flesh shall see the salvation of god .
1	and the multitudes asked him , saying , what then must we do ?
1	and there came also publicans to be baptized , and they said unto him , teacher , what must we do ?
1	and he said unto them , extort no more than that which is appointed you .
1	and as the people were in expectation , and all men reasoned in their hearts concerning john , whether haply he were the christ ;
1	with many other exhortations therefore preached he good tidings unto the people ;
1	but herod the tetrarch , being reproved by him for herodias his brother ’ s wife , and for all the evil things which herod had done ,
1	added this also to them all , that he shut up john in prison .
1	now it came to pass , when all the people were baptized , that , jesus also having been baptized , and praying , the heaven was opened ,
1	the son of matthat , the son of levi , the son of melchi , the son of jannai , the son of joseph ,
1	the son of mattathias , the son of amos , the son of nahum , the son of esli , the son of naggai ,
1	the son of maath , the son of mattathias , the son of semein , the son of josech , the son of joda ,
1	the son of joanan , the son of rhesa , the son of zerubbabel , the son of shealtiel , the son of neri ,
1	the son of melchi , the son of addi , the son of cosam , the son of elmadam , the son of er ,
1	the son of jesus , the son of eliezer , the son of jorim , the son of matthat , the son of levi ,
1	the son of symeon , the son of judas , the son of joseph , the son of jonam , the son of eliakim ,
1	the son of melea , the son of menna , the son of mattatha , the son of nathan , the son of david ,
1	the son of jesse , the son of obed , the son of boaz , the son of salmon , the son of nahshon ,
1	the son of amminadab , the son of arni , the son of hezron , the son of perez , the son of judah ,
1	the son of jacob , the son of isaac , the son of abraham , the son of terah , the son of nahor ,
1	the son of serug , the son of reu , the son of peleg , the son of eber , the son of shelah ,
1	the son of cainan , the son of arphaxad , the son of shem , the son of noah , the son of lamech ,
1	the son of methuselah , the son of enoch , the son of jared , the son of mahalaleel , the son of cainan ,
1	the son of enos , the son of seth , the son of adam , the son of god .
1	and jesus , full of the holy spirit , returned from the jordan , and was led in the spirit in the wilderness
1	during forty days , being tempted of the devil . and he did eat nothing in those days : and when they were completed , he hungered .
1	and the devil said unto him , if thou art the son of god , command this stone that it become bread .
1	and jesus answered unto him , it is written , man shall not live by bread alone .
1	and he led him up , and showed him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time .
1	if thou therefore wilt worship before me , it shall all be thine .
1	and jesus answered and said unto him , it is written , thou shalt worship the lord thy god , and him only shalt thou serve .
1	for it is written ,
1	and jesus answering said unto him , it is said , thou shalt not make trial of the lord thy god .
1	and when the devil had completed every temptation , he departed from him for a season .
1	and jesus returned in the power of the spirit into galilee : and a fame went out concerning him through all the region round about .
1	and he taught in their synagogues , being glorified of all .
1	and there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet isaiah . and he opened the book , and found the place where it was written ,
1	the spirit of the lord is upon me ,
1	to proclaim the acceptable year of the lord .
1	and he began to say unto them , to-day hath this scripture been fulfilled in your ears .
1	and he said , verily i say unto you , no prophet is acceptable in his own country .
1	and unto none of them was elijah sent , but only to zarephath , in the land of sidon , unto a woman that was a widow .
1	and there were many lepers in israel in the time of elisha the prophet ; and none of them was cleansed , but only naaman the syrian .
1	and they were all filled with wrath in the synagogue , as they heard these things ;
1	but he passing through the midst of them went his way .
1	and he came down to capernaum , a city of galilee . and he was teaching them on the sabbath day :
1	and they were astonished at his teaching ; for his word was with authority .
1	and in the synagogue there was a man , that had a spirit of an unclean demon ; and he cried out with a loud voice ,
1	and there went forth a rumor concerning him into every place of the region round about .
1	and he stood over her , and rebuked the fever ; and it left her : and immediately she rose up and ministered unto them .
1	but he said unto them , i must preach the good tidings of the kingdom of god to the other cities also : for therefore was i sent .
1	and he was preaching in the synagogues of galilee .
1	now it came to pass , while the multitude pressed upon him and heard the word of god , that he was standing by the lake of gennesaret ;
1	and he saw two boats standing by the lake : but the fishermen had gone out of them , and were washing their nets .
1	and when he had left speaking , he said unto simon , put out into the deep , and let down your nets for a draught .
1	and simon answered and said , master , we toiled all night , and took nothing : but at thy word i will let down the nets .
1	and when they had done this , they inclosed a great multitude of fishes ; and their nets were breaking ;
1	for he was amazed , and all that were with him , at the draught of the fishes which they had taken ;
1	and when they had brought their boats to land , they left all , and followed him .
1	and he stretched forth his hand , and touched him , saying , i will ; be thou made clean . and straightway the leprosy departed from him .
1	but so much the more went abroad the report concerning him : and great multitudes came together to hear , and to be healed of their infirmities .
1	but he withdrew himself in the deserts , and prayed .
1	and behold , men bring on a bed a man that was palsied : and they sought to bring him in , and to lay him before him .
1	and seeing their faith , he said , man , thy sins are forgiven thee .
1	and the scribes and the pharisees began to reason , saying , who is this that speaketh blasphemies ? who can forgive sins , but god alone ?
1	but jesus perceiving their reasonings , answered and said unto them , why reason ye in your hearts ?
1	which is easier , to say , thy sins are forgiven thee ; or to say , arise and walk ?
1	and immediately he rose up before them , and took up that whereon he lay , and departed to his house , glorifying god .
1	and amazement took hold on all , and they glorified god ; and they were filled with fear , saying , we have seen strange things to-day .
1	and he forsook all , and rose up and followed him .
1	and levi made him a great feast in his house : and there was a great multitude of publicans and of others that were sitting at meat with them .
1	and the pharisees and their scribes murmured against his disciples , saying , why do ye eat and drink with the publicans and sinners ?
1	and jesus answering said unto them , they that are in health have no need of a physician ; but they that are sick .
1	i am not come to call the righteous but sinners to repentance .
1	and jesus said unto them , can ye make the sons of the bride-chamber fast , while the bridegroom is with them ?
1	but the days will come ; and when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , then will they fast in those days .
1	but new wine must be put into fresh wine-skins .
1	and no man having drunk old wine desireth new ; for he saith , the old is good .
1	but certain of the pharisees said , why do ye that which it is not lawful to do on the sabbath day ?
1	and he said unto them , the son of man is lord of the sabbath .
1	and the scribes and the pharisees watched him , whether he would heal on the sabbath ; that they might find how to accuse him .
1	and he looked round about on them all , and said unto him , stretch forth thy hand . and he did so : and his hand was restored .
1	but they were filled with madness ; and communed one with another what they might do to jesus .
1	and it came to pass in these days , that he went out into the mountain to pray ; and he continued all night in prayer to god .
1	and when it was day , he called his disciples ; and he chose from them twelve , whom also he named apostles :
1	simon , whom he also named peter , and andrew his brother , and james and john , and philip and bartholomew ,
1	and matthew and thomas , and james the son of alphaeus , and simon who was called the zealot ,
1	and judas the son of james , and judas iscariot , who became a traitor ;
1	and they that were troubled with unclean spirits were healed .
1	and all the multitude sought to touch him ; for power came forth from him , and healed them all .
1	and he lifted up his eyes on his disciples , and said , blessed are ye poor : for yours is the kingdom of god .
1	blessed are ye that hunger now : for ye shall be filled . blessed are ye that weep now : for ye shall laugh .
1	but woe unto you that are rich ! for ye have received your consolation .
1	woe unto you , when all men shall speak well of you ! for in the same manner did their fathers to the false prophets .
1	but i say unto you that hear , love your enemies , do good to them that hate you ,
1	bless them that curse you , pray for them that despitefully use you .
1	to him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other ; and from him that taketh away thy cloak withhold not thy coat also .
1	give to every one that asketh thee ; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again .
1	and as ye would that men should do to you , do ye also to them likewise .
1	and if ye love them that love you , what thank have ye ? for even sinners love those that love them .
1	and if ye do good to them that do good to you , what thank have ye ? for even sinners do the same .
1	and if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive , what thank have ye ? even sinners lend to sinners , to receive again as much .
1	be ye merciful , even as your father is merciful .
1	and judge not , and ye shall not be judged : and condemn not , and ye shall not be condemned : release , and ye shall be released :
1	and he spake also a parable unto them , can the blind guide the blind ? shall they not both fall into a pit ?
1	the disciple is not above his teacher : but every one when he is perfected shall be as his teacher .
1	and why beholdest thou the mote that is in thy brother ’ s eye , but considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye ?
1	for there is no good tree that bringeth forth corrupt fruit ; nor again a corrupt tree that bringeth forth good fruit .
1	for each tree is known by its own fruit . for of thorns men do not gather figs , nor of a bramble bush gather they grapes .
1	and why call ye me , lord , lord , and do not the things which i say ?
1	every one that cometh unto me , and heareth my words , and doeth them , i will show you to whom he is like :
1	after he had ended all his sayings in the ears of the people , he entered into capernaum .
1	and a certain centurion ’ s servant , who was dear unto him , was sick and at the point of death .
1	and when he heard concerning jesus , he sent unto him elders of the jews , asking him that he would come and save his servant .
1	and they , when they came to jesus , besought him earnestly , saying , he is worthy that thou shouldest do this for him ;
1	for he loveth our nation , and himself built us our synagogue .
1	wherefore neither thought i myself worthy to come unto thee : but say the word , and my servant shall be healed .
1	and they that were sent , returning to the house , found the servant whole .
1	and it came to pass soon afterwards , that he went to a city called nain ; and his disciples went with him , and a great multitude .
1	and when the lord saw her , he had compassion on her , and said unto her , weep not .
1	and he came nigh and touched the bier : and the bearers stood still . and he said , young man , i say unto thee , arise .
1	and he that was dead sat up , and began to speak . and he gave him to his mother .
1	and fear took hold on all : and they glorified god , saying , a great prophet is arisen among us : and , god hath visited his people .
1	and this report went forth concerning him in the whole of judaea , and all the region round about .
1	and the disciples of john told him of all these things .
1	and john calling unto him two of his disciples sent them to the lord , saying , art thou he that cometh , or look we for another ?
1	in that hour he cured many of diseases and plagues and evil spirits ; and on many that were blind he bestowed sight .
1	and blessed is he , whosoever shall find no occasion of stumbling in me .
1	but what went ye out to see ? a prophet ? yea , i say unto you , and much more than a prophet .
1	this is he of whom it is written ,
1	and all the people when they heard , and the publicans , justified god , being baptized with the baptism of john .
1	but the pharisees and the lawyers rejected for themselves the counsel of god , being not baptized of him .
1	whereunto then shall i liken the men of this generation , and to what are they like ?
1	for john the baptist is come eating no bread nor drinking wine ; and ye say , he hath a demon .
1	and wisdom is justified of all her children .
1	and one of the pharisees desired him that he would eat with him . and he entered into the pharisee ’ s house , and sat down to meat .
1	and jesus answering said unto him , simon , i have somewhat to say unto thee . and he saith , teacher , say on .
1	a certain lender had two debtors : the one owed five hundred shillings , and the other fifty .
1	when they had not wherewith to pay , he forgave them both . which of them therefore will love him most ?
1	simon answered and said , he , i suppose , to whom he forgave the most . and he said unto him , thou hast rightly judged .
1	thou gavest me no kiss : but she , since the time i came in , hath not ceased to kiss my feet .
1	my head with oil thou didst not anoint : but she hath anointed my feet with ointment .
1	and he said unto her , thy sins are forgiven .
1	and they that sat at meat with him began to say within themselves , who is this that even forgiveth sins ?
1	and he said unto the woman , thy faith hath saved thee ; go in peace .
1	and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities : mary that was called magdalene , from whom seven demons had gone out ,
1	and joanna the wife of chuzas herod ’ s steward , and susanna , and many others , who ministered unto them of their substance .
1	and when a great multitude came together , and they of every city resorted unto him , he spake by a parable :
1	and other fell on the rock ; and as soon as it grew , it withered away , because it had no moisture .
1	and other fell amidst the thorns ; and the thorns grew with it , and choked it .
1	and his disciples asked him what this parable might be .
1	now the parable is this : the seed is the word of god .
1	for nothing is hid , that shall not be made manifest ; nor anything secret , that shall not be known and come to light .
1	and there came to him his mother and brethren , and they could not come at him for the crowd .
1	and it was told him , thy mother and thy brethren stand without , desiring to see thee .
1	but he answered and said unto them , my mother and my brethren are these that hear the word of god , and do it .
1	and they arrived at the country of the gerasenes , which is over against galilee .
1	and jesus asked him , what is thy name ? and he said , legion ; for many demons were entered into him .
1	and they entreated him that he would not command them to depart into the abyss .
1	and the demons came out from the man , and entered into the swine : and the herd rushed down the steep into the lake , and were drowned .
1	and when they that fed them saw what had come to pass , they fled , and told it in the city and in the country .
1	and they that saw it told them how he that was possessed with demons was made whole .
1	but the man from whom the demons were gone out prayed him that he might be with him : but he sent him away , saying ,
1	and as jesus returned , the multitude welcomed him ; for they were all waiting for him .
1	for he had an only daughter , about twelve years of age , and she was dying . but as he went the multitudes thronged him .
1	and a woman having an issue of blood twelve years , who had spent all her living upon physicians , and could not be healed of any ,
1	came behind him , and touched the border of his garment : and immediately the issue of her blood stanched .
1	but jesus said , some one did touch me ; for i perceived that power had gone forth from me .
1	and he said unto her , daughter , thy faith hath made thee whole ; go in peace .
1	while he yet spake , there cometh one from the ruler of the synagogue ’ s house , saying , thy daughter is dead ; trouble not the teacher .
1	but jesus hearing it , answered him , fear not : only believe , and she shall be made whole .
1	and all were weeping , and bewailing her : but he said , weep not ; for she is not dead , but sleepeth .
1	and they laughed him to scorn , knowing that she was dead .
1	but he , taking her by the hand , called , saying , maiden , arise .
1	and her spirit returned , and she rose up immediately : and he commanded that something be given her to eat .
1	and her parents were amazed : but he charged them to tell no man what had been done .
1	and he called the twelve together , and gave them power and authority over all demons , and to cure diseases .
1	and he sent them forth to preach the kingdom of god , and to heal the sick .
1	and he said unto them , take nothing for your journey , neither staff , nor wallet , nor bread , nor money ; neither have two coats .
1	and into whatsoever house ye enter , there abide , and thence depart .
1	and as many as receive you not , when ye depart from that city , shake off the dust from your feet for a testimony against them .
1	and they departed , and went throughout the villages , preaching the gospel , and healing everywhere .
1	and by some , that elijah had appeared ; and by others , that one of the old prophets was risen again .
1	and herod said , john i beheaded : but who is this , about whom i hear such things ? and he sought to see him .
1	for they were about five thousand men . and he said unto his disciples , make them sit down in companies , about fifty each .
1	and they did so , and made them all sit down .
1	and they ate , and were all filled : and there was taken up that which remained over to them of broken pieces , twelve baskets .
1	and they answering said , john the baptist ; but others say , elijah ; and others , that one of the old prophets is risen again .
1	and he said unto them , but who say ye that i am ? and peter answering said , the christ of god .
1	but he charged them , and commanded them to tell this to no man ;
1	and he said unto all , if any man would come after me , let him deny himself , and take up his cross daily , and follow me .
1	for whosoever would save his life shall lose it ; but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake , the same shall save it .
1	for what is a man profited , if he gain the whole world , and lose or forfeit his own self ?
1	and as he was praying , the fashion of his countenance was altered , and his raiment became white and dazzling .
1	and behold , there talked with him two men , who were moses and elijah ;
1	who appeared in glory , and spake of his decease which he was about to accomplish at jerusalem .
1	and while he said these things , there came a cloud , and overshadowed them : and they feared as they entered into the cloud .
1	and a voice came out of the cloud , saying , this is my son , my chosen : hear ye him .
1	and it came to pass , on the next day , when they were come down from the mountain , a great multitude met him .
1	and behold , a man from the multitude cried , saying , teacher , i beseech thee to look upon my son ; for he is mine only child :
1	and i besought thy disciples to cast it out ; and they could not .
1	and jesus answered and said , o faithless and perverse generation , how long shall i be with you , and bear with you ? bring hither thy son .
1	and they were all astonished at the majesty of god .
1	let these words sink into your ears : for the son of man shall be delivered up into the hands of men .
1	and there arose a reasoning among them , which of them was the greatest .
1	but when jesus saw the reasoning of their heart , he took a little child , and set him by his side ,
1	and john answered and said , master , we saw one casting out demons in thy name ; and we forbade him , because he followeth not with us .
1	but jesus said unto him , forbid him not : for he that is not against you is for you .
1	and it came to pass , when the days were well-nigh come that he should be received up , he stedfastly set his face to go to jerusalem ,
1	and sent messengers before his face : and they went , and entered into a village of the samaritans , to make ready for him .
1	and they did not receive him , because his face was as though he were going to jerusalem .
1	but he turned , and rebuked them .
1	and they went to another village .
1	and as they went on the way , a certain man said unto him , i will follow thee whithersoever thou goest .
1	and he said unto another , follow me . but he said , lord , suffer me first to go and bury my father .
1	but he said unto him , leave the dead to bury their own dead ; but go thou and publish abroad the kingdom of god .
1	and another also said , i will follow thee , lord ; but first suffer me to bid farewell to them that are at my house .
1	but jesus said unto him , no man , having put his hand to the plow , and looking back , is fit for the kingdom of god .
1	go your ways ; behold , i send you forth as lambs in the midst of wolves .
1	carry no purse , no wallet , no shoes ; and salute no man on the way .
1	and into whatsoever house ye shall enter , first say , peace be to this house .
1	and if a son of peace be there , your peace shall rest upon him : but if not , it shall turn to you again .
1	and into whatsoever city ye enter , and they receive you , eat such things as are set before you :
1	and heal the sick that are therein , and say unto them , the kingdom of god is come nigh unto you .
1	but into whatsoever city ye shall enter , and they receive you not , go out into the streets thereof and say ,
1	i say unto you , it shall be more tolerable in that day for sodom , than for that city .
1	but it shall be more tolerable for tyre and sidon in the judgment , than for you .
1	and thou , capernaum , shalt thou be exalted unto heaven ? thou shalt be brought down unto hades .
1	he that heareth you heareth me ; and he that rejecteth you rejecteth me ; and he that rejecteth me rejecteth him that sent me .
1	and the seventy returned with joy , saying , lord , even the demons are subject unto us in thy name .
1	and he said unto them , i beheld satan fallen as lightning from heaven .
1	nevertheless in this rejoice not , that the spirits are subject unto you ; but rejoice that your names are written in heaven .
1	and turning to the disciples , he said privately , blessed are the eyes which see the things that ye see :
1	and behold , a certain lawyer stood up and made trial of him , saying , teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
1	and he said unto him , what is written in the law ? how readest thou ?
1	and he said unto him , thou hast answered right : this do , and thou shalt live .
1	but he , desiring to justify himself , said unto jesus , and who is my neighbor ?
1	and by chance a certain priest was going down that way : and when he saw him , he passed by on the other side .
1	and in like manner a levite also , when he came to the place , and saw him , passed by on the other side .
1	but a certain samaritan , as he journeyed , came where he was : and when he saw him , he was moved with compassion ,
1	which of these three , thinkest thou , proved neighbor unto him that fell among the robbers ?
1	and he said , he that showed mercy on him . and jesus said unto him , go , and do thou likewise .
1	now as they went on their way , he entered into a certain village : and a certain woman named martha received him into her house .
1	and she had a sister called mary , who also sat at the lord ’ s feet , and heard his word .
1	but the lord answered and said unto her , martha , martha , thou art anxious and troubled about many things :
1	but one thing is needful : for mary hath chosen the good part , which shall not be taken away from her .
1	and he said unto them , when ye pray , say , father , hallowed be thy name . thy kingdom come .
1	give us day by day our daily bread .
1	and forgive us our sins ; for we ourselves also forgive every one that is indebted to us . and bring us not into temptation .
1	for a friend of mine is come to me from a journey , and i have nothing to set before him ;
1	for every one that asketh receiveth ; and he that seeketh findeth ; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened .
1	or if he shall ask an egg , will he give him a scorpion ?
1	but some of them said , by beelzebub the prince of the demons casteth he out demons .
1	and others , trying him , sought of him a sign from heaven .
1	but he , knowing their thoughts , said unto them , every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation ; and a house divided against a house falleth .
1	and if satan also is divided against himself , how shall his kingdom stand ? because ye say that i cast out demons by beelzebub .
1	and if i by beelzebub cast out demons , by whom do your sons cast them out ? therefore shall they be your judges .
1	but if i by the finger of god cast out demons , then is the kingdom of god come upon you .
1	when the strong man fully armed guardeth his own court , his goods are in peace :
1	he that is not with me is against me ; and he that gathereth not with me scattereth .
1	and when he is come , he findeth it swept and garnished .
1	but he said , yea rather , blessed are they that hear the word of god , and keep it .
1	for even as jonah became a sign unto the ninevites , so shall also the son of man be to this generation .
1	look therefore whether the light that is in thee be not darkness .
1	now as he spake , a pharisee asketh him to dine with him : and he went in , and sat down to meat .
1	and when the pharisee saw it , he marvelled that he had not first bathed himself before dinner .
1	ye foolish ones , did not he that made the outside make the inside also ?
1	but give for alms those things which are within ; and behold , all things are clean unto you .
1	woe unto you pharisees ! for ye love the chief seats in the synagogues , and the salutations in the marketplaces .
1	woe unto you ! for ye are as the tombs which appear not , and the men that walk over them know it not .
1	and one of the lawyers answering saith unto him , teacher , in saying this thou reproachest us also .
1	woe unto you ! for ye build the tombs of the prophets , and your fathers killed them .
1	so ye are witnesses and consent unto the works of your fathers : for they killed them , and ye build their tombs .
1	therefore also said the wisdom of god , i will send unto them prophets and apostles ; and some of them they shall kill and persecute ;
1	that the blood of all the prophets , which was shed from the foundation of the world , may be required of this generation ;
1	woe unto you lawyers ! for ye took away the key of knowledge : ye entered not in yourselves , and them that were entering in ye hindered .
1	laying wait for him , to catch something out of his mouth .
1	but there is nothing covered up , that shall not be revealed ; and hid , that shall not be known .
1	and i say unto you my friends , be not afraid of them that kill the body , and after that have no more that they can do .
1	are not five sparrows sold for two pence ? and not one of them is forgotten in the sight of god .
1	but the very hairs of your head are all numbered . fear not : ye are of more value than many sparrows .
1	and i say unto you , every one who shall confess me before men , him shall the son of man also confess before the angels of god :
1	but he that denieth me in the presence of men shall be denied in the presence of the angels of god .
1	for the holy spirit shall teach you in that very hour what ye ought to say .
1	and one out of the multitude said unto him , teacher , bid my brother divide the inheritance with me .
1	but he said unto him , man , who made me a judge or a divider over you ?
1	and he spake a parable unto them , saying , the ground of a certain rich man brought forth plentifully :
1	and he reasoned within himself , saying , what shall i do , because i have not where to bestow my fruits ?
1	so is he that layeth up treasure for himself , and is not rich toward god .
1	for the life is more than the food , and the body than the raiment .
1	and which of you by being anxious can add a cubit unto the measure of his life ?
1	if then ye are not able to do even that which is least , why are ye anxious concerning the rest ?
1	and seek not ye what ye shall eat , and what ye shall drink , neither be ye of doubtful mind .
1	for all these things do the nations of the world seek after : but your father knoweth that ye have need of these things .
1	yet seek ye his kingdom , and these things shall be added unto you .
1	fear not , little flock ; for it is your father ’ s good pleasure to give you the kingdom .
1	for where your treasure is , there will your heart be also .
1	let your loins be girded about , and your lamps burning ;
1	and if he shall come in the second watch , and if in the third , and find them so , blessed are those servants .
1	be ye also ready : for in an hour that ye think not the son of man cometh .
1	and peter said , lord , speakest thou this parable unto us , or even unto all ?
1	blessed is that servant , whom his lord when he cometh shall find so doing .
1	of a truth i say unto you , that he will set him over all that he hath .
1	i came to cast fire upon the earth ; and what do i desire , if it is already kindled ?
1	but i have a baptism to be baptized with ; and how am i straitened till it be accomplished !
1	think ye that i am come to give peace in the earth ? i tell you , nay ; but rather division :
1	for there shall be from henceforth five in one house divided , three against two , and two against three .
1	and when ye see a south wind blowing , ye say , there will be a scorching heat ; and it cometh to pass .
1	and why even of yourselves judge ye not what is right ?
1	i say unto thee , thou shalt by no means come out thence , till thou have paid the very last mite .
1	now there were some present at that very season who told him of the galilaeans , whose blood pilate had mingled with their sacrifices .
1	and he answered and said unto them , think ye that these galilaeans were sinners above all the galilaeans , because they have suffered these things ?
1	i tell you , nay : but , except ye repent , ye shall all in like manner perish .
1	i tell you , nay : but , except ye repent , ye shall all likewise perish .
1	and he spake this parable ; a certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard ; and he came seeking fruit thereon , and found none .
1	and he answering saith unto him , lord , let it alone this year also , till i shall dig about it , and dung it :
1	and if it bear fruit thenceforth , well ; but if not , thou shalt cut it down .
1	and he was teaching in one of the synagogues on the sabbath day .
1	and behold , a woman that had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years ; and she was bowed together , and could in no wise lift herself up .
1	and when jesus saw her , he called her , and said to her , woman , thou art loosed from thine infirmity .
1	and he laid his hands upon her : and immediately she was made straight , and glorified god .
1	he said therefore , unto what is the kingdom of god like ? and whereunto shall i liken it ?
1	and again he said , whereunto shall i liken the kingdom of god ?
1	it is like unto leaven , which a woman took and hid in three measures of meal , till it was all leavened .
1	and he went on his way through cities and villages , teaching , and journeying on unto jerusalem .
1	and one said unto him , lord , are they few that are saved ? and he said unto them ,
1	strive to enter in by the narrow door : for many , i say unto you , shall seek to enter in , and shall not be able .
1	then shall ye begin to say , we did eat and drink in thy presence , and thou didst teach in our streets ;
1	and he shall say , i tell you , i know not whence ye are ; depart from me , all ye workers of iniquity .
1	and they shall come from the east and west , and from the north and south , and shall sit down in the kingdom of god .
1	and behold , there are last who shall be first , and there are first who shall be last .
1	in that very hour there came certain pharisees , saying to him , get thee out , and go hence : for herod would fain kill thee .
1	nevertheless i must go on my way to-day and to-morrow and the day following : for it can not be that a prophet perish out of jerusalem .
1	and behold , there was before him a certain man that had the dropsy .
1	and jesus answering spake unto the lawyers and pharisees , saying , is it lawful to heal on the sabbath , or not ?
1	but they held their peace . and he took him , and healed him , and let him go .
1	and they could not answer again unto these things .
1	and he spake a parable unto those that were bidden , when he marked how they chose out the chief seats ; saying unto them ,
1	for every one that exalteth himself shall be humbled ; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted .
1	but when thou makest a feast , bid the poor , the maimed , the lame , the blind :
1	and thou shalt be blessed ; because they have not wherewith to recompense thee : for thou shalt be recompensed in the resurrection of the just .
1	but he said unto him , a certain man made a great supper ; and he bade many :
1	and he sent forth his servant at supper time to say to them that were bidden , come ; for all things are now ready .
1	and another said , i have bought five yoke of oxen , and i go to prove them ; i pray thee have me excused .
1	and another said , i have married a wife , and therefore i can not come .
1	and the servant said , lord , what thou didst command is done , and yet there is room .
1	and the lord said unto the servant , go out into the highways and hedges , and constrain them to come in , that my house may be filled .
1	for i say unto you , that none of those men that were bidden shall taste of my supper .
1	now there went with him great multitudes : and he turned , and said unto them ,
1	whosoever doth not bear his own cross , and come after me , can not be my disciple .
1	for which of you , desiring to build a tower , doth not first sit down and count the cost , whether he have wherewith to complete it ?
1	lest haply , when he hath laid a foundation , and is not able to finish , all that behold begin to mock him ,
1	saying , this man began to build , and was not able to finish .
1	or else , while the other is yet a great way off , he sendeth an ambassage , and asketh conditions of peace .
1	so therefore whosoever he be of you that renounceth not all that he hath , he can not be my disciple .
1	salt therefore is good : but if even the salt have lost its savor , wherewith shall it be seasoned ?
1	it is fit neither for the land nor for the dunghill : men cast it out . he that hath ears to hear , let him hear .
1	now all the publicans and sinners were drawing near unto him to hear him .
1	and both the pharisees and the scribes murmured , saying , this man receiveth sinners , and eateth with them .
1	and he spake unto them this parable , saying ,
1	and when he hath found it , he layeth it on his shoulders , rejoicing .
1	even so , i say unto you , there is joy in the presence of the angels of god over one sinner that repenteth .
1	and he said , a certain man had two sons :
1	and when he had spent all , there arose a mighty famine in that country ; and he began to be in want .
1	and he went and joined himself to one of the citizens of that country ; and he sent him into his fields to feed swine .
1	and he would fain have filled his belly with the husks that the swine did eat : and no man gave unto him .
1	i will arise and go to my father , and will say unto him , father , i have sinned against heaven , and in thy sight :
1	i am no more worthy to be called thy son : make me as one of thy hired servants .
1	and bring the fatted calf , and kill it , and let us eat , and make merry :
1	for this my son was dead , and is alive again ; he was lost , and is found . and they began to be merry .
1	now his elder son was in the field : and as he came and drew nigh to the house , he heard music and dancing .
1	and he called to him one of the servants , and inquired what these things might be .
1	and he said unto him , thy brother is come ; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf , because he hath received him safe and sound .
1	but he was angry , and would not go in : and his father came out , and entreated him .
1	but when this thy son came , who hath devoured thy living with harlots , thou killedst for him the fatted calf .
1	and he said unto him , son , thou art ever with me , and all that is mine is thine .
1	i am resolved what to do , that , when i am put out of the stewardship , they may receive me into their houses .
1	and calling to him each one of his lord ’ s debtors , he said to the first , how much owest thou unto my lord ?
1	and he said , a hundred measures of oil . and he said unto him , take thy bond , and sit down quickly and write fifty .
1	he that is faithful in a very little is faithful also in much : and he that is unrighteous in a very little is unrighteous also in much .
1	if therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon , who will commit to your trust the true riches ?
1	and if ye have not been faithful in that which is another ’ s , who will give you that which is your own ?
1	and the pharisees , who were lovers of money , heard all these things ; and they scoffed at him .
1	the law and the prophets were until john : from that time the gospel of the kingdom of god is preached , and every man entereth violently into it .
1	but it is easier for heaven and earth to pass away , than for one tittle of the law to fall .
1	every one that putteth away his wife , and marrieth another , committeth adultery : and he that marrieth one that is put away from a husband committeth adultery .
1	now there was a certain rich man , and he was clothed in purple and fine linen , faring sumptuously every day :
1	and a certain beggar named lazarus was laid at his gate , full of sores ,
1	and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man ’ s table ; yea , even the dogs came and licked his sores .
1	and in hades he lifted up his eyes , being in torments , and seeth abraham afar off , and lazarus in his bosom .
1	and he said , i pray thee therefore , father , that thou wouldest send him to my father ’ s house ;
1	for i have five brethren ; that he may testify unto them , lest they also come into this place of torment .
1	but abraham saith , they have moses and the prophets ; let them hear them .
1	and he said , nay , father abraham : but if one go to them from the dead , they will repent .
1	and he said unto him , if they hear not moses and the prophets , neither will they be persuaded , if one rise from the dead .
1	and he said unto his disciples , it is impossible but that occasions of stumbling should come ; but woe unto him , through whom they come !
1	take heed to yourselves : if thy brother sin , rebuke him ; and if he repent , forgive him .
1	and if he sin against thee seven times in the day , and seven times turn again to thee , saying , i repent ; thou shalt forgive him .
1	and the apostles said unto the lord , increase our faith .
1	doth he thank the servant because he did the things that were commanded ?
1	and it came to pass , as they were on the way to jerusalem , that he was passing along the borders of samaria and galilee .
1	and as he entered into a certain village , there met him ten men that were lepers , who stood afar off :
1	and they lifted up their voices , saying , jesus , master , have mercy on us .
1	and one of them , when he saw that he was healed , turned back , with a loud voice glorifying god ;
1	and he fell upon his face at his feet , giving him thanks : and he was a samaritan .
1	and jesus answering said , were not the ten cleansed ? but where are the nine ?
1	were there none found that returned to give glory to god , save this stranger ?
1	and he said unto him , arise , and go thy way : thy faith hath made thee whole .
1	and being asked by the pharisees , when the kingdom of god cometh , he answered them and said , the kingdom of god cometh not with observation :
1	neither shall they say , lo , here ! or , there ! for lo , the kingdom of god is within you .
1	and they shall say to you , lo , there ! lo , here ! go not away , nor follow after them :
1	but first must he suffer many things and be rejected of this generation .
1	and as it came to pass in the days of noah , even so shall it be also in the days of the son of man .
1	but in the day that lot went out from sodom it rained fire and brimstone from heaven , and destroyed them all :
1	after the same manner shall it be in the day that the son of man is revealed .
1	remember lot ’ s wife .
1	whosoever shall seek to gain his life shall lose it : but whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it .
1	i say unto you , in that night there shall be two men on one bed ; the one shall be taken , and the other shall be left .
1	there shall be two women grinding together ; the one shall be taken , and the other shall be left .
1	and he spake a parable unto them to the end that they ought always to pray , and not to faint ;
1	saying , there was in a city a judge , who feared not god , and regarded not man :
1	and there was a widow in that city ; and she came oft unto him , saying , avenge me of mine adversary .
1	and he would not for a while : but afterward he said within himself , though i fear not god , nor regard man ;
1	yet because this widow troubleth me , i will avenge her , lest she wear me out by her continual coming .
1	and the lord said , hear what the unrighteous judge saith .
1	and shall not god avenge his elect , that cry to him day and night , and yet he is longsuffering over them ?
1	i say unto you , that he will avenge them speedily . nevertheless , when the son of man cometh , shall he find faith on the earth ?
1	and he spake also this parable unto certain who trusted in themselves that they were righteous , and set all others at nought :
1	two men went up into the temple to pray ; the one a pharisee , and the other a publican .
1	i fast twice in the week ; i give tithes of all that i get .
1	and they were bringing unto him also their babes , that he should touch them : but when the disciples saw it , they rebuked them .
1	verily i say unto you , whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of god as a little child , he shall in no wise enter therein .
1	and a certain ruler asked him , saying , good teacher , what shall i do to inherit eternal life ?
1	and jesus said unto him , why callest thou me good ? none is good , save one , even god .
1	thou knowest the commandments , do not commit adultery , do not kill , do not steal , do not bear false witness , honor thy father and mother .
1	and he said , all these things have i observed from my youth up .
1	but when he heard these things , he became exceeding sorrowful ; for he was very rich .
1	and jesus seeing him said , how hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of god !
1	for it is easier for a camel to enter in through a needle ’ s eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
1	and they that heard it said , then who can be saved ?
1	but he said , the things which are impossible with men are possible with god .
1	and peter said , lo , we have left our own , and followed thee .
1	who shall not receive manifold more in this time , and in the world to come eternal life .
1	for he shall be delivered up unto the gentiles , and shall be mocked , and shamefully treated , and spit upon :
1	and they shall scourge and kill him : and the third day he shall rise again .
1	and they understood none of these things ; and this saying was hid from them , and they perceived not the things that were said .
1	and it came to pass , as he drew nigh unto jericho , a certain blind man sat by the way side begging :
1	and hearing a multitude going by , he inquired what this meant .
1	and they told him , that jesus of nazareth passeth by .
1	and he cried , saying , jesus , thou son of david , have mercy on me .
1	and jesus stood , and commanded him to be brought unto him : and when he was come near , he asked him ,
1	what wilt thou that i should do unto thee ? and he said , lord , that i may receive my sight .
1	and jesus said unto him , receive thy sight : thy faith hath made thee whole .
1	and immediately he received his sight , and followed him , glorifying god : and all the people , when they saw it , gave praise unto god .
1	and he entered and was passing through jericho .
1	and behold , a man called by name zacchaeus ; and he was a chief publican , and he was rich .
1	and he sought to see jesus who he was ; and could not for the crowd , because he was little of stature .
1	and he ran on before , and climbed up into a sycomore tree to see him : for he was to pass that way .
1	and he made haste , and came down , and received him joyfully .
1	and when they saw it , they all murmured , saying , he is gone in to lodge with a man that is a sinner .
1	and jesus said unto him , to-day is salvation come to this house , forasmuch as he also is a son of abraham .
1	for the son of man came to seek and to save that which was lost .
1	he said therefore , a certain nobleman went into a far country , to receive for himself a kingdom , and to return .
1	and he called ten servants of his , and gave them ten pounds , and said unto them , trade ye herewith till i come .
1	but his citizens hated him , and sent an ambassage after him , saying , we will not that this man reign over us .
1	and the first came before him , saying , lord , thy pound hath made ten pounds more .
1	and he said unto him , well done , thou good servant : because thou wast found faithful in a very little , have thou authority over ten cities .
1	and the second came , saying , thy pound , lord , hath made five pounds .
1	and he said unto him also , be thou also over five cities .
1	and another came , saying , lord , behold , here is thy pound , which i kept laid up in a napkin :
1	then wherefore gavest thou not my money into the bank , and i at my coming should have required it with interest ?
1	and he said unto them that stood by , take away from him the pound , and give it unto him that hath the ten pounds .
1	and they said unto him , lord , he hath ten pounds .
1	but these mine enemies , that would not that i should reign over them , bring hither , and slay them before me .
1	and when he had thus spoken , he went on before , going up to jerusalem .
1	and it came to pass , when he drew nigh unto bethphage and bethany , at the mount that is called olivet , he sent two of the disciples ,
1	and if any one ask you , why do ye loose him ? thus shall ye say , the lord hath need of him .
1	and they that were sent went away , and found even as he had said unto them .
1	and as they were loosing the colt , the owners thereof said unto them , why loose ye the colt ?
1	and they said , the lord hath need of him .
1	and they brought him to jesus : and they threw their garments upon the colt , and set jesus thereon .
1	and as he went , they spread their garments in the way .
1	saying , blessed is the king that cometh in the name of the lord : peace in heaven , and glory in the highest .
1	and some of the pharisees from the multitude said unto him , teacher , rebuke thy disciples .
1	and he answered and said , i tell you that , if these shall hold their peace , the stones will cry out .
1	and when he drew nigh , he saw the city and wept over it ,
1	saying , if thou hadst known in this day , even thou , the things which belong unto peace ! but now they are hid from thine eyes .
1	and he entered into the temple , and began to cast out them that sold ,
1	saying unto them , it is written , and my house shall be a house of prayer : but ye have made it a den of robbers .
1	and he was teaching daily in the temple . but the chief priests and the scribes and the principal men of the people sought to destroy him :
1	and they could not find what they might do ; for the people all hung upon him , listening .
1	and they spake , saying unto him , tell us : by what authority doest thou these things ? or who is he that gave thee this authority ?
1	and he answered and said unto them , i also will ask you a question ; and tell me :
1	the baptism of john , was it from heaven , or from men ?
1	and they reasoned with themselves , saying , if we shall say , from heaven ; he will say , why did ye not believe him ?
1	but if we shall say , from men ; all the people will stone us : for they are persuaded that john was a prophet .
1	and they answered , that they knew not whence it was .
1	and jesus said unto them , neither tell i you by what authority i do these things .
1	and he sent yet another servant : and him also they beat , and handled him shamefully , and sent him away empty .
1	and he sent yet a third : and him also they wounded , and cast him forth .
1	and the lord of the vineyard said , what shall i do ? i will send my beloved son ; it may be they will reverence him .
1	and they cast him forth out of the vineyard , and killed him . what therefore will the lord of the vineyard do unto them ?
1	he will come and destroy these husbandmen , and will give the vineyard unto others . and when they heard it , they said , god forbid .
1	but he looked upon them , and said , what then is this that is written ,
1	every one that falleth on that stone shall be broken to pieces ; but on whomsoever it shall fall , it will scatter him as dust .
1	is it lawful for us to give tribute unto caesar , or not ?
1	but he perceived their craftiness , and said unto them ,
1	show me a denarius . whose image and superscription hath it ? and they said , caesar ’ s .
1	and he said unto them , then render unto caesar the things that are caesar ’ s , and unto god the things that are god ’ s .
1	and they were not able to take hold of the saying before the people : and they marvelled at his answer , and held their peace .
1	and there came to him certain of the sadducees , they that say that there is no resurrection ;
1	there were therefore seven brethren : and the first took a wife , and died childless ;
1	and the third took her ; and likewise the seven also left no children , and died .
1	afterward the woman also died .
1	in the resurrection therefore whose wife of them shall she be ? for the seven had her to wife .
1	and jesus said unto them , the sons of this world marry , and are given in marriage :
1	but they that are accounted worthy to attain to that world , and the resurrection from the dead , neither marry , nor are given in marriage :
1	for neither can they die any more : for they are equal unto the angels ; and are sons of god , being sons of the resurrection .
1	now he is not the god of the dead , but of the living : for all live unto him .
1	and certain of the scribes answering said , teacher , thou hast well said .
1	for they durst not any more ask him any question .
1	and he said unto them , how say they that the christ is david ’ s son ?
1	for david himself saith in the book of psalms ,
1	till i make thine enemies the footstool of thy feet .
1	david therefore calleth him lord , and how is he his son ?
1	and in the hearing of all the people he said unto his disciples ,
1	who devour widows ’ houses , and for a pretence make long prayers : these shall receive greater condemnation .
1	and he looked up , and saw the rich men that were casting their gifts into the treasury .
1	and he saw a certain poor widow casting in thither two mites .
1	and he said , of a truth i say unto you , this poor widow cast in more than they all :
1	for all these did of their superfluity cast in unto the gifts ; but she of her want did cast in all the living that she had .
1	and as some spake of the temple , how it was adorned with goodly stones and offerings , he said ,
1	then said he unto them , nation shall rise against nation , and kingdom against kingdom ;
1	and there shall be great earthquakes , and in divers places famines and pestilences ; and there shall be terrors and great signs from heaven .
1	it shall turn out unto you for a testimony .
1	settle it therefore in your hearts , not to meditate beforehand how to answer :
1	for i will give you a mouth and wisdom , which all your adversaries shall not be able to withstand or to gainsay .
1	and ye shall be hated of all men for my name ’ s sake .
1	and not a hair of your head shall perish .
1	in your patience ye shall win your souls .
1	but when ye see jerusalem compassed with armies , then know that her desolation is at hand .
1	for these are days of vengeance , that all things which are written may be fulfilled .
1	men fainting for fear , and for expectation of the things which are coming on the world : for the powers of the heavens shall be shaken .
1	and then shall they see the son of man coming in a cloud with power and great glory .
1	but when these things begin to come to pass , look up , and lift up your heads ; because your redemption draweth nigh .
1	and he spake to them a parable : behold the fig tree , and all the trees :
1	when they now shoot forth , ye see it and know of your own selves that the summer is now nigh .
1	even so ye also , when ye see these things coming to pass , know ye that the kingdom of god is nigh .
1	verily i say unto you , this generation shall not pass away , till all things be accomplished .
1	heaven and earth shall pass away : but my words shall not pass away .
1	for so shall it come upon all them that dwell on the face of all the earth .
1	and every day he was teaching in the temple ; and every night he went out , and lodged in the mount that is called olivet .
1	and all the people came early in the morning to him in the temple , to hear him .
1	now the feast of unleavened bread drew nigh , which is called the passover .
1	and the chief priests and the scribes sought how they might put him to death ; for they feared the people .
1	and satan entered into judas who was called iscariot , being of the number of the twelve .
1	and he went away , and communed with the chief priests and captains , how he might deliver him unto them .
1	and they were glad , and covenanted to give him money .
1	and he consented , and sought opportunity to deliver him unto them in the absence of the multitude .
1	and the day of unleavened bread came , on which the passover must be sacrificed .
1	and he sent peter and john , saying , go and make ready for us the passover , that we may eat .
1	and they said unto him , where wilt thou that we make ready ?
1	and he will show you a large upper room furnished : there make ready .
1	and they went , and found as he had said unto them : and they made ready the passover .
1	and when the hour was come , he sat down , and the apostles with him .
1	and he said unto them , with desire i have desired to eat this passover with you before i suffer :
1	for i say unto you , i shall not eat it , until it be fulfilled in the kingdom of god .
1	and he received a cup , and when he had given thanks , he said , take this , and divide it among yourselves :
1	for i say unto you , i shall not drink from henceforth of the fruit of the vine , until the kingdom of god shall come .
1	and the cup in like manner after supper , saying , this cup is the new covenant in my blood , even that which is poured out for you .
1	but behold , the hand of him that betrayeth me is with me on the table .
1	for the son of man indeed goeth , as it hath been determined : but woe unto that man through whom he is betrayed !
1	and they began to question among themselves , which of them it was that should do this thing .
1	and there arose also a contention among them , which of them was accounted to be greatest .
1	and he said unto them , the kings of the gentiles have lordship over them ; and they that have authority over them are called benefactors .
1	but ye are they that have continued with me in my temptations ;
1	and i appoint unto you a kingdom , even as my father appointed unto me ,
1	that ye may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom ; and ye shall sit on thrones judging the twelve tribes of israel .
1	simon , simon , behold , satan asked to have you , that he might sift you as wheat :
1	but i made supplication for thee , that thy faith fail not ; and do thou , when once thou hast turned again , establish thy brethren .
1	and he said unto him , lord , with thee i am ready to go both to prison and to death .
1	and he said , i tell thee , peter , the cock shall not crow this day , until thou shalt thrice deny that thou knowest me .
1	and he said unto them , when i sent you forth without purse , and wallet , and shoes , lacked ye anything ? and they said , nothing .
1	and they said , lord , behold , here are two swords . and he said unto them , it is enough .
1	and he came out , and went , as his custom was , unto the mount of olives ; and the disciples also followed him .
1	and when he was at the place , he said unto them , pray that ye enter not into temptation .
1	and he was parted from them about a stone ’ s cast ; and he kneeled down and prayed ,
1	saying , father , if thou be willing , remove this cup from me : nevertheless not my will , but thine , be done .
1	and there appeared unto him an angel from heaven , strengthening him .
1	and being in an agony he prayed more earnestly ; and his sweat became as it were great drops of blood falling down upon the ground .
1	and when he rose up from his prayer , he came unto the disciples , and found them sleeping for sorrow ,
1	and said unto them , why sleep ye ? rise and pray , that ye enter not into temptation .
1	but jesus said unto him , judas , betrayest thou the son of man with a kiss ?
1	and when they that were about him saw what would follow , they said , lord , shall we smite with the sword ?
1	and a certain one of them smote the servant of the high priest , and struck off his right ear .
1	but jesus answered and said , suffer ye them thus far . and he touched his ear , and healed him .
1	and they seized him , and led him away , and brought him into the high priest ’ s house . but peter followed afar off .
1	and when they had kindled a fire in the midst of the court , and had sat down together , peter sat in the midst of them .
1	but he denied , saying , woman , i know him not .
1	and after a little while another saw him , and said , thou also art one of them . but peter said , man , i am not .
1	and after the space of about one hour another confidently affirmed , saying , of a truth this man also was with him ; for he is a galilaean .
1	but peter said , man , i know not what thou sayest . and immediately , while he yet spake , the cock crew .
1	and he went out , and wept bitterly .
1	and the men that held jesus mocked him , and beat him .
1	and they blindfolded him , and asked him , saying , prophesy : who is he that struck thee ?
1	and many other things spake they against him , reviling him .
1	if thou art the christ , tell us . but he said unto them , if i tell you , ye will not believe :
1	and if i ask you , ye will not answer .
1	but from henceforth shall the son of man be seated at the right hand of the power of god .
1	and they all said , art thou then the son of god ? and he said unto them , ye say that i am .
1	and they said , what further need have we of witness ? for we ourselves have heard from his own mouth .
1	and the whole company of them rose up , and brought him before pilate .
1	and pilate asked him , saying , art thou the king of the jews ? and he answered him and said , thou sayest .
1	and pilate said unto the chief priests and the multitudes , i find no fault in this man .
1	but they were the more urgent , saying , he stirreth up the people , teaching throughout all judaea , and beginning from galilee even unto this place .
1	but when pilate heard it , he asked whether the man were a galilaean .
1	and when he knew that he was of herod ’ s jurisdiction , he sent him unto herod , who himself also was at jerusalem in these days .
1	and he questioned him in many words ; but he answered him nothing .
1	and the chief priests and the scribes stood , vehemently accusing him .
1	and herod with his soldiers set him at nought , and mocked him , and arraying him in gorgeous apparel sent him back to pilate .
1	and herod and pilate became friends with each other that very day : for before they were at enmity between themselves .
1	and pilate called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people ,
1	no , nor yet herod : for he sent him back unto us ; and behold , nothing worthy of death hath been done by him .
1	i will therefore chastise him , and release him .
1	but they cried out all together , saying , away with this man , and release unto us barabbas : —
1	one who for a certain insurrection made in the city , and for murder , was cast into prison .
1	and pilate spake unto them again , desiring to release jesus ;
1	but they shouted , saying , crucify , crucify him .
1	but they were urgent with loud voices , asking that he might be crucified . and their voices prevailed .
1	and pilate gave sentence that what they asked for should be done .
1	and he released him that for insurrection and murder had been cast into prison , whom they asked for ; but jesus he delivered up to their will .
1	and there followed him a great multitude of the people , and of women who bewailed and lamented him .
1	but jesus turning unto them said , daughters of jerusalem , weep not for me , but weep for yourselves , and for your children .
1	then shall they begin to say to the mountains , fall on us ; and to the hills , cover us .
1	for if they do these things in the green tree , what shall be done in the dry ?
1	and there were also two others , malefactors , led with him to be put to death .
1	and jesus said , father , forgive them ; for they know not what they do . and parting his garments among them , they cast lots .
1	and the soldiers also mocked him , coming to him , offering him vinegar ,
1	and saying , if thou art the king of the jews , save thyself .
1	and there was also a superscription over him , this is the king of the jews .
1	and one of the malefactors that were hanged railed on him , saying , art not thou the christ ? save thyself and us .
1	but the other answered , and rebuking him said , dost thou not even fear god , seeing thou art in the same condemnation ?
1	and we indeed justly ; for we receive the due reward of our deeds : but this man hath done nothing amiss .
1	and he said , jesus , remember me when thou comest in thy kingdom .
1	and he said unto him , verily i say unto thee , to-day shalt thou be with me in paradise .
1	and it was now about the sixth hour , and a darkness came over the whole land until the ninth hour ,
1	the sun ’ s light failing : and the veil of the temple was rent in the midst .
1	and when the centurion saw what was done , he glorified god , saying , certainly this was a righteous man .
1	and all the multitudes that came together to this sight , when they beheld the things that were done , returned smiting their breasts .
1	and all his acquaintance , and the women that followed with him from galilee , stood afar off , seeing these things .
1	and behold , a man named joseph , who was a councillor , a good and righteous man
1	this man went to pilate , and asked for the body of jesus .
1	and it was the day of the preparation , and the sabbath drew on .
1	and the women , who had come with him out of galilee , followed after , and beheld the tomb , and how his body was laid .
1	and they returned , and prepared spices and ointments .
1	but on the first day of the week , at early dawn , they came unto the tomb , bringing the spices which they had prepared .
1	and they found the stone rolled away from the tomb .
1	and they entered in , and found not the body of the lord jesus .
1	and it came to pass , while they were perplexed thereabout , behold , two men stood by them in dazzling apparel :
1	and as they were affrighted and bowed down their faces to the earth , they said unto them , why seek ye the living among the dead ?
1	he is not here , but is risen : remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in galilee ,
1	saying that the son of man must be delivered up into the hands of sinful men , and be crucified , and the third day rise again .
1	and they remembered his words ,
1	and returned from the tomb , and told all these things to the eleven , and to all the rest .
1	now they were mary magdalene , and joanna , and mary the mother of james : and the other women with them told these things unto the apostles .
1	and these words appeared in their sight as idle talk ; and they disbelieved them .
1	and behold , two of them were going that very day to a village named emmaus , which was threescore furlongs from jerusalem .
1	and they communed with each other of all these things which had happened .
1	and it came to pass , while they communed and questioned together , that jesus himself drew near , and went with them .
1	but their eyes were holden that they should not know him .
1	and he said unto them , what communications are these that ye have one with another , as ye walk ? and they stood still , looking sad .
1	and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him up to be condemned to death , and crucified him .
1	moreover certain women of our company amazed us , having been early at the tomb ;
1	and when they found not his body , they came , saying , that they had also seen a vision of angels , who said that he was alive .
1	and certain of them that were with us went to the tomb , and found it even so as the women had said : but him they saw not .
1	and he said unto them , o foolish men , and slow of heart to believe in all that the prophets have spoken !
1	behooved it not the christ to suffer these things , and to enter into his glory ?
1	and beginning from moses and from all the prophets , he interpreted to them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself .
1	and they drew nigh unto the village , whither they were going : and he made as though he would go further .
1	and their eyes were opened , and they knew him ; and he vanished out of their sight .
1	and they rose up that very hour , and returned to jerusalem , and found the eleven gathered together , and them that were with them ,
1	saying , the lord is risen indeed , and hath appeared to simon .
1	and they rehearsed the things that happened in the way , and how he was known of them in the breaking of the bread .
1	and as they spake these things , he himself stood in the midst of them , and saith unto them , peace be unto you .
1	but they were terrified and affrighted , and supposed that they beheld a spirit .
1	and he said unto them , why are ye troubled ? and wherefore do questionings arise in your heart ?
1	and when he had said this , he showed them his hands and his feet .
1	and while they still disbelieved for joy , and wondered , he said unto them , have ye here anything to eat ?
1	and they gave him a piece of a broiled fish .
1	and he took it , and ate before them .
1	then opened he their mind , that they might understand the scriptures ;
1	and he said unto them , thus it is written , that the christ should suffer , and rise again from the dead the third day ;
1	and that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name unto all the nations , beginning from jerusalem .
1	ye are witnesses of these things .
1	and he led them out until they were over against bethany : and he lifted up his hands , and blessed them .
1	and it came to pass , while he blessed them , he parted from them , and was carried up into heaven .
1	and they worshipped him , and returned to jerusalem with great joy :
1	and were continually in the temple , blessing god .
1	the burden of the word of jehovah to israel by malachi .
1	but esau i hated , and made his mountains a desolation , and gave his heritage to the jackals of the wilderness .
1	and your eyes shall see , and ye shall say , jehovah be magnified beyond the border of israel .
1	ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar . and ye say , wherein have we polluted thee ? in that ye say , the table of jehovah is contemptible .
1	but ye profane it , in that ye say , the table of jehovah is polluted , and the fruit thereof , even its food , is contemptible .
1	and now , o ye priests , this commandment is for you .
1	and ye shall know that i have sent this commandment unto you , that my covenant may be with levi , saith jehovah of hosts .
1	for the priest ’ s lips should keep knowledge , and they should seek the law at his mouth ; for he is the messenger of jehovah of hosts .
1	then shall the offering of judah and jerusalem be pleasant unto jehovah , as in the days of old , and as in ancient years .
1	for i , jehovah , change not ; therefore ye , o sons of jacob , are not consumed .
1	will a man rob god ? yet ye rob me . but ye say , wherein have we robbed thee ? in tithes and offerings .
1	ye are cursed with the curse ; for ye rob me , even this whole nation .
1	and all nations shall call you happy ; for ye shall be a delightsome land , saith jehovah of hosts .
1	your words have been stout against me , saith jehovah . yet ye say , what have we spoken against thee ?
1	and now we call the proud happy ; yea , they that work wickedness are built up ; yea , they tempt god , and escape .
1	then shall ye return and discern between the righteous and the wicked , between him that serveth god and him that serveth him not .
1	remember ye the law of moses my servant , which i commanded unto him in horeb for all israel , even statutes and ordinances .
1	behold , i will send you elijah the prophet before the great and terrible day of jehovah come .
1	the beginning of the gospel of jesus christ , the son of god .
1	even as it is written in isaiah the prophet ,
1	the voice of one crying in the wilderness ,
1	john came , who baptized in the wilderness and preached the baptism of repentance unto remission of sins .
1	and john was clothed with camel ’ s hair , and had a leathern girdle about his loins , and did eat locusts and wild honey .
1	i baptized you in water ; but he shall baptize you in the holy spirit .
1	and it came to pass in those days , that jesus came from nazareth of galilee , and was baptized of john in the jordan .
1	and straightway coming up out of the water , he saw the heavens rent asunder , and the spirit as a dove descending upon him :
1	and a voice came out of the heavens , thou art my beloved son , in thee i am well pleased .
1	and straightway the spirit driveth him forth into the wilderness .
1	and he was in the wilderness forty days tempted of satan ; and he was with the wild beasts ; and the angels ministered unto him .
1	now after john was delivered up , jesus came into galilee , preaching the gospel of god ,
1	and saying , the time is fulfilled , and the kingdom of god is at hand : repent ye , and believe in the gospel .
1	and passing along by the sea of galilee , he saw simon and andrew the brother of simon casting a net in the sea ; for they were fishers .
1	and jesus said unto them , come ye after me , and i will make you to become fishers of men .
1	and straightway they left the nets , and followed him .
1	and going on a little further , he saw james the son of zebedee , and john his brother , who also were in the boat mending the nets .
1	and straightway he called them : and they left their father zebedee in the boat with the hired servants , and went after him .
1	and they go into capernaum ; and straightway on the sabbath day he entered into the synagogue and taught .
1	and they were astonished at his teaching : for he taught them as having authority , and not as the scribes .
1	and straightway there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit ; and he cried out ,
1	and jesus rebuked him , saying , hold thy peace , and come out of him .
1	and the unclean spirit , tearing him and crying with a loud voice , came out of him .
1	and the report of him went out straightway everywhere into all the region of galilee round about .
1	and straightway , when they were come out of the synagogue , they came into the house of simon and andrew , with james and john .
1	now simon ’ s wife ’ s mother lay sick of a fever ; and straightway they tell him of her :
1	and he came and took her by the hand , and raised her up ; and the fever left her , and she ministered unto them .
1	and at even , when the sun did set , they brought unto him all that were sick , and them that were possessed with demons .
1	and all the city was gathered together at the door .
1	and in the morning , a great while before day , he rose up and went out , and departed into a desert place , and there prayed .
1	and simon and they that were with him followed after him ;
1	and they found him , and say unto him , all are seeking thee .
1	and he saith unto them , let us go elsewhere into the next towns , that i may preach there also ; for to this end came i forth .
1	and he went into their synagogues throughout all galilee , preaching and casting out demons .
1	and being moved with compassion , he stretched forth his hand , and touched him , and saith unto him , i will ; be thou made clean .
1	and straightway the leprosy departed from him , and he was made clean .
1	and he strictly charged him , and straightway sent him out ,
1	and when he entered again into capernaum after some days , it was noised that he was in the house .
1	and they come , bringing unto him a man sick of the palsy , borne of four .
1	and jesus seeing their faith saith unto the sick of the palsy , son , thy sins are forgiven .
1	but there were certain of the scribes sitting there , and reasoning in their hearts ,
1	why doth this man thus speak ? he blasphemeth : who can forgive sins but one , even god ?
1	and straightway jesus , perceiving in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves , saith unto them , why reason ye these things in your hearts ?
1	but that ye may know that the son of man hath authority on earth to forgive sins ( he saith to the sick of the palsy ) ,
1	i say unto thee , arise , take up thy bed , and go unto thy house .
1	and he went forth again by the sea side ; and all the multitude resorted unto him , and he taught them .
1	but the days will come , when the bridegroom shall be taken away from them , and then will they fast in that day .
1	and the pharisees said unto him , behold , why do they on the sabbath day that which is not lawful ?
1	and he said unto them , the sabbath was made for man , and not man for the sabbath :
1	so that the son of man is lord even of the sabbath .
1	and he entered again into the synagogue ; and there was a man there who had his hand withered .
1	and they watched him , whether he would heal him on the sabbath day ; that they might accuse him .
1	and he saith unto the man that had his hand withered , stand forth .
1	and the pharisees went out , and straightway with the herodians took counsel against him , how they might destroy him .
1	and jesus with his disciples withdrew to the sea : and a great multitude from galilee followed ; and from judaea ,
1	and he spake to his disciples , that a little boat should wait on him because of the crowd , lest they should throng him :
1	for he had healed many ; insomuch that as many as had plagues pressed upon him that they might touch him .
1	and the unclean spirits , whensoever they beheld him , fell down before him , and cried , saying , thou art the son of god .
1	and he charged them much that they should not make him known .
1	and he goeth up into the mountain , and calleth unto him whom he himself would ; and they went unto him .
1	and he appointed twelve , that they might be with him , and that he might send them forth to preach ,
1	and to have authority to cast out demons :
1	and simon he surnamed peter ;
1	and james the son of zebedee , and john the brother of james ; and them he surnamed boanerges , which is , sons of thunder :
1	and andrew , and philip , and bartholomew , and matthew , and thomas , and james the son of alphaeus , and thaddaeus , and simon the cananaean ,
1	and judas iscariot , who also betrayed him .
1	and the multitude cometh together again , so that they could not so much as eat bread .
1	and when his friends heard it , they went out to lay hold on him : for they said , he is beside himself .
1	and the scribes that came down from jerusalem said , he hath beelzebub , and , by the prince of the demons casteth he out the demons .
1	and he called them unto him , and said unto them in parables , how can satan cast out satan ?
1	and if a kingdom be divided against itself , that kingdom can not stand .
1	and if a house be divided against itself , that house will not be able to stand .
1	and if satan hath risen up against himself , and is divided , he can not stand , but hath an end .
1	verily i say unto you , all their sins shall be forgiven unto the sons of men , and their blasphemies wherewith soever they shall blaspheme :
1	but whosoever shall blaspheme against the holy spirit hath never forgiveness , but is guilty of an eternal sin :
1	because they said , he hath an unclean spirit .
1	and there come his mother and his brethren ; and , standing without , they sent unto him , calling him .
1	and a multitude was sitting about him ; and they say unto him , behold , thy mother and thy brethren without seek for thee .
1	and he answereth them , and saith , who is my mother and my brethren ?
1	and looking round on them that sat round about him , he saith , behold , my mother and my brethren !
1	for whosoever shall do the will of god , the same is my brother , and sister , and mother .
1	and he taught them many things in parables , and said unto them in his teaching ,
1	hearken : behold , the sower went forth to sow :
1	and it came to pass , as he sowed , some seed fell by the way side , and the birds came and devoured it .
1	and other fell on the rocky ground , where it had not much earth ; and straightway it sprang up , because it had no deepness of earth :
1	and when the sun was risen , it was scorched ; and because it had no root , it withered away .
1	and other fell among the thorns , and the thorns grew up , and choked it , and it yielded no fruit .
1	and others fell into the good ground , and yielded fruit , growing up and increasing ; and brought forth , thirtyfold , and sixtyfold , and a hundredfold .
1	and he said , who hath ears to hear , let him hear .
1	and when he was alone , they that were about him with the twelve asked of him the parables .
1	and he saith unto them , know ye not this parable ? and how shall ye know all the parables ?
1	the sower soweth the word .
1	and these in like manner are they that are sown upon the rocky places , who , when they have heard the word , straightway receive it with joy ;
1	and they have no root in themselves , but endure for a while ; then , when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word , straightway they stumble .
1	and others are they that are sown among the thorns ; these are they that have heard the word ,
1	for there is nothing hid , save that it should be manifested ; neither was anything made secret , but that it should come to light .
1	if any man hath ears to hear , let him hear .
1	for he that hath , to him shall be given : and he that hath not , from him shall be taken away even that which he hath .
1	and he said , so is the kingdom of god , as if a man should cast seed upon the earth ;
1	and should sleep and rise night and day , and the seed should spring up and grow , he knoweth not how .
1	the earth beareth fruit of herself ; first the blade , then the ear , then the full grain in the ear .
1	but when the fruit is ripe , straightway he putteth forth the sickle , because the harvest is come .
1	and he said , how shall we liken the kingdom of god ? or in what parable shall we set it forth ?
1	and with many such parables spake he the word unto them , as they were able to hear it ;
1	and without a parable spake he not unto them : but privately to his own disciples he expounded all things .
1	and on that day , when even was come , he saith unto them , let us go over unto the other side .
1	and leaving the multitude , they take him with them , even as he was , in the boat . and other boats were with him .
1	and there ariseth a great storm of wind , and the waves beat into the boat , insomuch that the boat was now filling .
1	and he said unto them , why are ye fearful ? have ye not yet faith ?
1	and they feared exceedingly , and said one to another , who then is this , that even the wind and the sea obey him ?
1	and they came to the other side of the sea , into the country of the gerasenes .
1	and when he was come out of the boat , straightway there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit ,
1	who had his dwelling in the tombs : and no man could any more bind him , no , not with a chain ;
1	and always , night and day , in the tombs and in the mountains , he was crying out , and cutting himself with stones .
1	and when he saw jesus from afar , he ran and worshipped him ;
1	for he said unto him , come forth , thou unclean spirit , out of the man .
1	and he asked him , what is thy name ? and he saith unto him , my name is legion ; for we are many .
1	and he besought him much that he would not send them away out of the country .
1	now there was there on the mountain side a great herd of swine feeding .
1	and they besought him , saying , send us into the swine , that we may enter into them .
1	and they that saw it declared unto them how it befell him that was possessed with demons , and concerning the swine .
1	and they began to beseech him to depart from their borders .
1	and as he was entering into the boat , he that had been possessed with demons besought him that he might be with him .
1	and he went his way , and began to publish in decapolis how great things jesus had done for him : and all men marvelled .
1	and when jesus had crossed over again in the boat unto the other side , a great multitude was gathered unto him ; and he was by the sea .
1	and there cometh one of the rulers of the synagogue , jairus by name ; and seeing him , he falleth at his feet ,
1	and he went with him ; and a great multitude followed him , and they thronged him .
1	and a woman , who had an issue of blood twelve years ,
1	and had suffered many things of many physicians , and had spent all that she had , and was nothing bettered , but rather grew worse ,
1	having heard the things concerning jesus , came in the crowd behind , and touched his garment .
1	for she said , if i touch but his garments , i shall be made whole .
1	and straightway the fountain of her blood was dried up ; and she felt in her body that she was healed of her plague .
1	and his disciples said unto him , thou seest the multitude thronging thee , and sayest thou , who touched me ?
1	and he looked round about to see her that had done this thing .
1	but the woman fearing and trembling , knowing what had been done to her , came and fell down before him , and told him all the truth .
1	and he said unto her , daughter , thy faith hath made thee whole ; go in peace , and be whole of thy plague .
1	but jesus , not heeding the word spoken , saith unto the ruler of the synagogue , fear not , only believe .
1	and he suffered no man to follow with him , save peter , and james , and john the brother of james .
1	and they come to the house of the ruler of the synagogue ; and he beholdeth a tumult , and many weeping and wailing greatly .
1	and when he was entered in , he saith unto them , why make ye a tumult , and weep ? the child is not dead , but sleepeth .
1	and straightway the damsel rose up , and walked ; for she was twelve years old . and they were amazed straightway with a great amazement .
1	and he charged them much that no man should know this : and he commanded that something should be given her to eat .
1	and he went out from thence ; and he cometh into his own country ; and his disciples follow him .
1	and he could there do no mighty work , save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk , and healed them .
1	and he marvelled because of their unbelief .
1	and he calleth unto him the twelve , and began to send them forth by two and two ; and he gave them authority over the unclean spirits ;
1	and he charged them that they should take nothing for their journey , save a staff only ; no bread , no wallet , no money in their purse ;
1	but to go shod with sandals : and , said he , put not on two coats .
1	and he said unto them , wheresoever ye enter into a house , there abide till ye depart thence .
1	and they went out , and preached that men should repent .
1	and they cast out many demons , and anointed with oil many that were sick , and healed them .
1	but others said , it is elijah . and others said , it is a prophet , even as one of the prophets .
1	but herod , when he heard thereof , said , john , whom i beheaded , he is risen .
1	for john said unto herod , it is not lawful for thee to have thy brother ’ s wife .
1	and herodias set herself against him , and desired to kill him ; and she could not ;
1	and he sware unto her , whatsoever thou shalt ask of me , i will give it thee , unto the half of my kingdom .
1	and she went out , and said unto her mother , what shall i ask ? and she said , the head of john the baptizer .
1	and the king was exceeding sorry ; but for the sake of his oaths , and of them that sat at meat , he would not reject her .
1	and straightway the king sent forth a soldier of his guard , and commanded to bring his head : and he went and beheaded him in the prison ,
1	and brought his head on a platter , and gave it to the damsel ; and the damsel gave it to her mother .
1	and when his disciples heard thereof , they came and took up his corpse , and laid it in a tomb .
1	and the apostles gather themselves together unto jesus ; and they told him all things , whatsoever they had done , and whatsoever they had taught .
1	and they went away in the boat to a desert place apart .
1	and the people saw them going , and many knew them , and they ran together there on foot from all the cities , and outwent them .
1	send them away , that they may go into the country and villages round about , and buy themselves somewhat to eat .
1	and he saith unto them , how many loaves have ye ? go and see . and when they knew , they say , five , and two fishes .
1	and he commanded them that all should sit down by companies upon the green grass .
1	and they sat down in ranks , by hundreds , and by fifties .
1	and they all ate , and were filled .
1	and they took up broken pieces , twelve basketfuls , and also of the fishes .
1	and they that ate the loaves were five thousand men .
1	and after he had taken leave of them , he departed into the mountain to pray .
1	and when even was come , the boat was in the midst of the sea , and he alone on the land .
1	but they , when they saw him walking on the sea , supposed that it was a ghost , and cried out ;
1	and he went up unto them into the boat ; and the wind ceased : and they were sore amazed in themselves ;
1	for they understood not concerning the loaves , but their heart was hardened .
1	and when they had crossed over , they came to the land unto gennesaret , and moored to the shore .
1	and when they were come out of the boat , straightway the people knew him ,
1	and ran round about that whole region , and began to carry about on their beds those that were sick , where they heard he was .
1	and there are gathered together unto him the pharisees , and certain of the scribes , who had come from jerusalem ,
1	and had seen that some of his disciples ate their bread with defiled , that is , unwashen , hands .
1	( for the pharisees , and all the jews , except they wash their hands diligently , eat not , holding the tradition of the elders ;
1	and the pharisees and the scribes ask him , why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders , but eat their bread with defiled hands ?
1	and he said unto them , well did isaiah prophesy of you hypocrites , as it is written ,
1	but in vain do they worship me ,
1	ye leave the commandment of god , and hold fast the tradition of men .
1	and he said unto them , full well do ye reject the commandment of god , that ye may keep your tradition .
1	for moses said , honor thy father and thy mother ; and , he that speaketh evil of father or mother , let him die the death :
1	ye no longer suffer him to do aught for his father or his mother ;
1	making void the word of god by your tradition , which ye have delivered : and many such like things ye do .
1	and he called to him the multitude again , and said unto them , hear me all of you , and understand :
1	and when he was entered into the house from the multitude , his disciples asked of him the parable .
1	because it goeth not into his heart , but into his belly , and goeth out into the draught ? this he said , making all meats clean .
1	and he said , that which proceedeth out of the man , that defileth the man .
1	for from within , out of the heart of men , evil thoughts proceed , fornications , thefts , murders , adulteries ,
1	covetings , wickednesses , deceit , lasciviousness , an evil eye , railing , pride , foolishness :
1	all these evil things proceed from within , and defile the man .
1	but straightway a woman , whose little daughter had an unclean spirit , having heard of him , came and fell down at his feet .
1	now the woman was a greek , a syrophoenician by race . and she besought him that he would cast forth the demon out of her daughter .
1	but she answered and saith unto him , yea , lord ; even the dogs under the table eat of the children ’ s crumbs .
1	and he said unto her , for this saying go thy way ; the demon is gone out of thy daughter .
1	and she went away unto her house , and found the child laid upon the bed , and the demon gone out .
1	and again he went out from the borders of tyre , and came through sidon unto the sea of galilee , through the midst of the borders of decapolis .
1	and they bring unto him one that was deaf , and had an impediment in his speech ; and they beseech him to lay his hand upon him .
1	and he took him aside from the multitude privately , and put his fingers into his ears , and he spat , and touched his tongue ;
1	and looking up to heaven , he sighed , and saith unto him , ephphatha , that is , be opened .
1	and his ears were opened , and the bond of his tongue was loosed , and he spake plain .
1	and he charged them that they should tell no man : but the more he charged them , so much the more a great deal they published it .
1	and they were beyond measure astonished , saying , he hath done all things well ; he maketh even the deaf to hear , and the dumb to speak .
1	i have compassion on the multitude , because they continue with me now three days , and have nothing to eat :
1	and if i send them away fasting to their home , they will faint on the way ; and some of them are come from far .
1	and his disciples answered him , whence shall one be able to fill these men with bread here in a desert place ?
1	and he asked them , how many loaves have ye ? and they said , seven .
1	and they had a few small fishes : and having blessed them , he commanded to set these also before them .
1	and they ate , and were filled : and they took up , of broken pieces that remained over , seven baskets .
1	and they were about four thousand : and he sent them away .
1	and straightway he entered into the boat with his disciples , and came into the parts of dalmanutha .
1	and the pharisees came forth , and began to question with him , seeking of him a sign from heaven , trying him .
1	and he left them , and again entering into the boat departed to the other side .
1	and they forgot to take bread ; and they had not in the boat with them more than one loaf .
1	and he charged them , saying , take heed , beware of the leaven of the pharisees and the leaven of herod .
1	and they reasoned one with another , saying , we have no bread .
1	having eyes , see ye not ? and having ears , hear ye not ? and do ye not remember ?
1	when i brake the five loaves among the five thousand , how many baskets full of broken pieces took ye up ? they say unto him , twelve .
1	and when the seven among the four thousand , how many basketfuls of broken pieces took ye up ? and they say unto him , seven .
1	and he said unto them , do ye not yet understand ?
1	and they come unto bethsaida . and they bring to him a blind man , and beseech him to touch him .
1	and he looked up , and said , i see men ; for i behold them as trees , walking .
1	then again he laid his hands upon his eyes ; and he looked stedfastly , and was restored , and saw all things clearly .
1	and he sent him away to his home , saying , do not even enter into the village .
1	and they told him , saying , john the baptist ; and others , elijah ; but others , one of the prophets .
1	and he asked them , but who say ye that i am ? peter answereth and saith unto him , thou art the christ .
1	and he charged them that they should tell no man of him .
1	and he spake the saying openly . and peter took him , and began to rebuke him .
1	for whosoever would save his life shall lose it ; and whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospel ’ s shall save it .
1	for what doth it profit a man , to gain the whole world , and forfeit his life ?
1	for what should a man give in exchange for his life ?
1	and his garments became glistering , exceeding white , so as no fuller on earth can whiten them .
1	and there appeared unto them elijah with moses : and they were talking with jesus .
1	for he knew not what to answer ; for they became sore afraid .
1	and there came a cloud overshadowing them : and there came a voice out of the cloud , this is my beloved son : hear ye him .
1	and suddenly looking round about , they saw no one any more , save jesus only with themselves .
1	and they kept the saying , questioning among themselves what the rising again from the dead should mean .
1	and they asked him , saying , how is it that the scribes say that elijah must first come ?
1	but i say unto you , that elijah is come , and they have also done unto him whatsoever they would , even as it is written of him .
1	and when they came to the disciples , they saw a great multitude about them , and scribes questioning with them .
1	and straightway all the multitude , when they saw him , were greatly amazed , and running to him saluted him .
1	and he asked them , what question ye with them ?
1	and one of the multitude answered him , teacher , i brought unto thee my son , who hath a dumb spirit ;
1	and he asked his father , how long time is it since this hath come unto him ? and he said , from a child .
1	and jesus said unto him , if thou canst ! all things are possible to him that believeth .
1	straightway the father of the child cried out , and said , i believe ; help thou mine unbelief .
1	but jesus took him by the hand , and raised him up ; and he arose .
1	and when he was come into the house , his disciples asked him privately , how is it that we could not cast it out ?
1	and he said unto them , this kind can come out by nothing , save by prayer .
1	and they went forth from thence , and passed through galilee ; and he would not that any man should know it .
1	but they understood not the saying , and were afraid to ask him .
1	and they came to capernaum : and when he was in the house he asked them , what were ye reasoning on the way ?
1	but they held their peace : for they had disputed one with another on the way , who was the greatest .
1	and he took a little child , and set him in the midst of them : and taking him in his arms , he said unto them ,
1	whosoever shall receive one of such little children in my name , receiveth me : and whosoever receiveth me , receiveth not me , but him that sent me .
1	john said unto him , teacher , we saw one casting out demons in thy name ; and we forbade him , because he followed not us .
1	for he that is not against us is for us .
1	where their worm dieth not , and the fire is not quenched .
1	for every one shall be salted with fire .
1	and there came unto him pharisees , and asked him , is it lawful for a man to put away his wife ? trying him .
1	and he answered and said unto them , what did moses command you ?
1	and they said , moses suffered to write a bill of divorcement , and to put her away .
1	but jesus said unto them , for your hardness of heart he wrote you this commandment .
1	but from the beginning of the creation , male and female made he them .
1	for this cause shall a man leave his father and mother , and shall cleave to his wife ;
1	and the two shall become one flesh : so that they are no more two , but one flesh .
1	what therefore god hath joined together , let not man put asunder .
1	and in the house the disciples asked him again of this matter .
1	and he saith unto them , whosoever shall put away his wife , and marry another , committeth adultery against her :
1	and if she herself shall put away her husband , and marry another , she committeth adultery .
1	and they were bringing unto him little children , that he should touch them : and the disciples rebuked them .
1	verily i say unto you , whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of god as a little child , he shall in no wise enter therein .
1	and he took them in his arms , and blessed them , laying his hands upon them .
1	and jesus said unto him , why callest thou me good ? none is good save one , even god .
1	and he said unto him , teacher , all these things have i observed from my youth .
1	but his countenance fell at the saying , and he went away sorrowful : for he was one that had great possessions .
1	and jesus looked round about , and saith unto his disciples , how hardly shall they that have riches enter into the kingdom of god !
1	it is easier for a camel to go through a needle ’ s eye , than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of god .
1	and they were astonished exceedingly , saying unto him , then who can be saved ?
1	jesus looking upon them saith , with men it is impossible , but not with god : for all things are possible with god .
1	peter began to say unto him , lo , we have left all , and have followed thee .
1	but many that are first shall be last ; and the last first .
1	and he said unto them , what would ye that i should do for you ?
1	but to sit on my right hand or on my left hand is not mine to give ; but it is for them for whom it hath been prepared .
1	and when the ten heard it , they began to be moved with indignation concerning james and john .
1	but it is not so among you : but whosoever would become great among you , shall be your minister ;
1	and whosoever would be first among you , shall be servant of all .
1	for the son of man also came not to be ministered unto , but to minister , and to give his life a ransom for many .
1	and he , casting away his garment , sprang up , and came to jesus .
